One star for looking nice. That’s it. After trying and trying to par it to my iPhone (which it finally did) , the sound quality was so bad, I could not understand one word! Waste of money.
Love this phone so far have had it almost a month and had no bad problems with it. The reason I gave it 4 stars it because the battery takes forever to charge!! Other than that great phone!!
This TV is absolutely fantastic. This is my third 4k TV and it blows away everything I have had previously (even the more expensive sets). Brightness is unbelievable, HDR is perfect, SONY's motion processor is by far the best on the market, and android TV is unbelievably smooth on this tv (compared to an NVIDIA shield, apple tv, and firestick). Concerns about back lighting zones and haloing are extremely overblown. Yes you will see some haloing, but you will see this on every single non-oled TV. Is it as good as the top Samsung or Vizio at controlling haloing, absolutely not, but this TV blows away the competition in pretty much every other category. Concerns about lower native contrast ratio have no standing in real world viewing. Anyone who is complaining about this has not ever really watched this TV. I only have one complaint that knocks this TV from a perfect 5 star review. The reflections are much worse than described. They don't make this TV horrible or unwatchable but they are definitely a let down for such a premium product. I think this has to do with the wide angle filter, you get reflections from all over the place that would normally not be an issue. Again not the end of the world and really as long as you have some light control in your room its fine, but this is not the TV for a room with lots of large windows. Speaking of the wide angle filter it really does work well. Best viewing angles I've ever seen. To sum it all up fantastic TV, needs a little work on the viewing angles. For the price they are selling these for now there is absolutely no better deal, these won't be around much longer but while they are they are a steal.
Refurb, good shape, good price, does what I want it to do.
Very nice tablet! Looks brand new. Fired right up with no problems. Very happy with purchase. Great price point too.
I purchased it a few months ago because my son and i love to watch movies and one of his favorite movies we could only find on blu ray and man did we both get more then i paid for its internet and me adding Netflix it keeps us both busy and the picture and sound quality whoa....it was awesome plugging it in it hooked it's own self up to the internet
great sound quality.... highly recommend!! Great for vacations
Cheap headphones with extremely good sound quality and hefty bass. Every two years or so one of the speakers will start to go, but at that price I'll gladly replace them, especially since none of the other ear-clip phone come anywhere close for sound quality.
The installation was very easy, just as the advertising says. Just plug into any available HDMI port and the power cable into any USB port hanging around. Most recent TV's have plenty of spare ports. If you need to use the power supply you will need to use your own USB/mini USB cable because the included one probably isn't long enough. Just plug in the stuff and follow the onscreen instructions to log in to their website and continue from there. It will find your wifi network and walk you through the connection. The only downside may be that you need to use your phone as the remote. This may or may not be inconvenient depending on how you use your phone. Otherwise, all good, good resolution and sound.
Item was advertised by Walmart as refurbished. It was, (I guess) but it did not work properly, I ran the serial number and it was 5 1/2 years old. Very disappointed that Walmart would sell an item that old......
First of all, this watch looks great. The analog style is classic. I wish the smart watch part was bigger though. It's hard to see sometimes, and partially obscured by the hands of the watch. it's a sacrifice that must be made for style though, I suppose. The gold casing is really nice, but I'll probably replace the band. It's fun, but I don't like the way it feels. Set-up on the watch was easy, and took under five minutes. You download the app, pair, and you're basically done. But I've had trouble with the watch dropping connection. I don't know if it's the app or the watch that's to blame. This is a pretty major complaint. Features are basic, but nice. It tracks steps, alerts for phone calls, pops up texts, things like that. It's not a full feature watch, and the display is pretty low tech. You touch to cycle through screens, but can't interact with it beyond that. The analog watch face is an actual functional watch though, and that's cool. Battery life seems decent. It charges pretty fast too. I have no complaints on that front. However, it does drop connection every time I charge the watch and that's annoying. All in all, it mostly does what I want it too, but losing connection is a major flaw and the band could be more comfortable to wear [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
I love getting TV on demand. This is the wave of the future. I'll be checking out Roku3 to be sure the picture quality is what I'd like.
I have had my Vizio tv for 21 days now and the volume vibrates and sounds muffled. I will be returning it.
I bought myself 2 jbl flip 5's and they really sound amazing. I used them indoors and even outside when having a braai and they surprised me every time, as a single speaker and even in partyboost. Therefor my 5 star rating. However I must say. Playing at 70 to 80% volume constantly made the battery last only 5 hours which is not to good for me. And even when playing 30 to 50% volume it wouldnt even last 12hrs as advertised.(your site shows more than 12hrs). And when playing in partyboost the speaker connected to your phone runs flat quicker than the other that's only connected to the main speaker. I love this speaker and will recommend it to anyone.
It comes with a lot of apps and not hard to operate.
Only dissapointing thing about the device is that it still does not supports 802.11 ac(5ghz) WI-FI....Students like me living hostels have to rely on HOSTEL WI-FI's but Lenovo is not trying to understand.. More than 50 percent of hostel wi-fi's are of 802.11ac(5ghz) bandwidths... so why this thing not being corrected by lenovo continued to product by product... REALLY A SERIOUS ISSUE
I had trouble installing the blue ray player with wifi streaming. I couldn't download Hulu Plus. And Netflix was streaming for a long time. It is incompatible with one of my other receivers. I am disappointed that it isn't working out for me and I will have to return it this weekend. Karen S.
The picture on this tv is very clear and sharp. The frame on it is a little flimsy and you can see light coming through parts of it. But over all for the price, a great buy.
I have just bought it and test on my phone, laptop, and have some review: 1/. Battery : good life 2/. Connect: easy connect (pair) with my phone and my laptop 3/. Light weight, look fit - but not comfortable 4/. Quality of Sound: good for talk - but for music is bad => I'll return it tomorrow. Because I love music but with this headphone the music is too bad.
I have an app for my car and now my house. No more keys, no more worries! Works flawlessly, I feel secure and don't have to look for keys with groceries in my hand. Simply one tap and im in. Also the cool blue led lights are a hit every one comments about it, so easy to send guests a key! Thanks Kevo, into the new age! [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
The price was great but the product was lacking. Perfect for someone less tech savvy.
Bought this for our condo and so far we love it! The picture is great and was easy to set up.
Last year's autumn I've purchased the headset and been using it since getting it this January in different environments and situations. I'd like to share my feedback of the product and, especially, things that have been bothering me. First of all, the connection behaves erratically now and then when using it in a gym or any other indoor place on a crowded day. It is not a hard break, with headset disconnecting from the phone, rather it is a sudden drop of sound quality and, occasionally, muted left piece for a couple of moments. Secondly, the outdoor usage is nearly impossible while either on a sunny day (25° C) or in a small rain or sleet, as after about 15 minutes the headset starts to either hard disconnect from BT or shut down outright. This is especially frustrating, since outdoor usage was one of the aims of the purchase. Thirdly, the charging pod makes high-pitched sounds when the headset is put in to charge, which is quite annoying. All in all, those issues limit the usage and spoil the user experience of what could have been an excellent product. The ideas are awesome, it's just that the implementation isn't exactly up to par.
I am not a fan of mouse traps. They seem so barbaric and messy. I also don't want mice in my house, or even my garage. Stay outside, please! I kept these in the garage and cleanup was so much better than those wooden base, metal, spring loaded traps. Only one has been used, so far, but since winter weather is already here, I imagine they will be making their way in sooner than later.
I use this speaker for playing music for my children from my cellphone. It has enough range and power to reach my phone in a big room. It small enough to carry it in my bag without adding weight.
I have an upstairs and downstairs Nest thermostat. I did my research before buying. Everything is 5 out of 5 stars, especially the ease of installing them myself, and the ease of use with everything on the Nest app, and my Echo 5.
I have always loved Samsung products and my family have been using them as well forever! well it was time for me to purchase an new tv and I have been doing research for some time and I came across this Samsung and it has been awesome ever since I purchased it. it flows so seamless with my phone and my xbox, can't ask for a better quality tv then the one I have and I plan on getting my 3 year old an Samsung but it won't be to this magnitude but it will be a good quality tv, thank you Samsung for being the standard for electronics that all manufactures should stand up to. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
Great for the price. love that there is a volume button on thr ear piece.
The new version of the JVC Gumy EarPhone are way better than the old JVC Original EarPhone. I like the JVC Inner Gumy Plus EarPhone, because of their soft and texture of it. What is there to lose? Just go & buy the earphones & you will not regret it!
This tv give a great picture during gaming it handles fps very well. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
I finally cut the cable cord! I really don't miss it. Roku gives me so many options! Luv it!
Cheaper than most other paint at retailer and works just as good, if not better. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
I ordered this for my group who are handicap, when we had it installed yesterday and today we were setting it up.But all the parts were there. We're missing the Roku Stick, when we called was given run around and the lady hung up on us. Now before we can use WiFi have to go as ND pick a Roku stick another 40 dollars.
I love it, it does have heavy bass and not much treble in the speaker. So it's sound doesn't work 100 percent well with all kinds of music
Received item faster than it estimated, which I was extremely, extremely pleased with because it got here right before hurricane Dorian got to us. I ordered item for my husband and he loves it. It was a phenomenal price, quick shipping and great product.
I went through 7 pairs of Beats ranging from the studio Beats, Beats 2, and the ear clip ones all $200-$300 and they all died in a few months or less. These Jlabs sound just as good or better than the extremely overpriced Beats! And for $30, that's just amazing! Deep bass, which I love, and clear audio, and a great battery life. I'm thoroughly impressed with these! Great product at a great price!
Garbage! Instructions didn't explain how to attach wings. In fact the 'instructions' show the wings already attached. There are no online tools/website to support either. We took our best guess and after the wings flying off for the third time figured it out. But, by then, the top little silver things flew off. Very disappointing.
Easy setup, no pairing right out of the box. Keep in mind you have to have an outlet to plug the wireless camera into.I bought this unit to monitor my driveway and the second camera for the interior of the garage. It monitors the drive fine, but the motion detection is too sensitive. If the outdoor camera is set up to see the entire driveway cars going by in the street trigger the motion recording at nearly 200 ft.out. Had to aim the camera down where it is short of the street or it would be recording all day regardless of motion sensitivity setting. Night vision is ok, but limited to about 30 ft. at best. If you want a big time security camera system this is not it, but it is "adequate" to monitor an area that is otherwise blind. The other thing you want to be aware of is when you aim it at a window or door the light is so intense it blocks a clear vision of close features even on an Ohio overcast winter day. Great color, Black and White night vision is somewhat disappointing. Would I buy it again, yes, price point is just where I want to be, and I am going to add a third camera the system. You get what you pay for, no free lunch!
Great picture, speakers are ok. Its being used as a gaming tv for the kids.
sound is awful compared to the Apple AirPods, bought for the battery life otherwise would return
My boyfriend bought me this as an engagement ring i absolutely love it i don't see the point in spending a lot of money on jewelry so with that being said i am so happy with this ring it is just like the picture it sparkles like crazy and looks like a really expensive piece of jewelry but it is affordable two thumbs up...
I love the phone which looks like new and came with a protected box and a charger (not original though). Was skeptical about a refurbished phone.
Bought the first TV came cracked returned it order another one online that one just showed up and I just opened it and it's cracked as well. Piece of junk.
Only had this 2 days but have used it for walking and biking. Very easy to use and it does what I expected plus some. I like being able to edit the notifications so I only get those I want.
I use these headphones for work and truly love the noise canceling feature. They fit perfectly and the crisp sound is superb!
Con: This shirt fit like a dress. Thin material Pro: nice color
App is not compatible with wearable. They discontinued it one week after we purchased wearable. It is completely useless - got an Apple Watch.
Once nest is installed very easy to use.
Fits much better than the e8 nice sound comfortable
fair picture, BAD SOUND with a great deal of static, snap, crackle & pop!!!
I was sent the Marshall learning watch for free from Vtech to review for my honest opinion. The watch is great my son loved being able to choose the character on the screen. The other games did not keep his attention for to long. All in all I would recommend this watch to all paw patrol fans.
Nice
Glad I did the upgrade from the Charge to this one. So far I love it.
System excellent. Set up easy. It does 98% of what I expected. Wish it would detect further than 50 feet. I can live with it though. Biggest issue is no user owner manual. Makes it inconvenient for a 79 year old man to program. Otherwise good product.
best card best care thanks walmark
Great sound and volume but very underwhelming bass and distorted at high volumes.
This is a great fitness tracker for a lower price. I like that the watch is wider than the traditional fitness trackers. For me it was easy to set up and didn't have much of a learning curve which was nice. Another nice feature is the watch will buzz if you have been sitting for to long. The clasp is weaker than expected but other than that I am overall satisfied and would recommend this to a friend.
I love the no-slip design for my workouts. The colors are really great as well
First Samsung I have owned, seems to be a nice phone.
Will be returning to purchase birthday and Christmas gifts. Great products and a great company.
Tv has great picture quality, sound is good. Nice big size and lightweight. Easy to set up. Love that it's a roku tv so it's easy to access apps. Remote is simple to use and really like that it has streaming app buttons.
The chair legs are not level, it is sturdy tho, just needs a little lift on two legs. Love the color and it's very confortable to sit on. It will be going into our camper this spring.
Small, perfect sound. 5 hours play and 5 xtra charges with the case, perfecto for me.
So easy to connect to my bluetooth. It only took less then a minute . Nice discrete size that isn't to big or to small . I like that it comes with a travel case and a bag so I'm able to take it on the fo to work or even if I might be headed out on the road to travel . Sound quality is nice and soothing no crackle sound even with songs that have a good amount of bass to it. Ear pieces fit really good in my ears and no issues with them falling out as a moved around at work . I like beings able to go hands free and talk to other employees instead of having to hold a phone up to my head . I like it comes with additional ear pieces . Easily chargeable by placing in the little charging pod that's included . Loving these wireless ear phones [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
Outside of constant bluetooth requests to my phone when tv is off its good [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
Already have this system and its "ok" for the price, plus I like the fact you don't need to run wires or need an AC power source for each camera, and wanted to add 3 more cameras to our current 3 camera system. Since the cameras usually cost $150 each, buying another complete system w/ 3 camera's for $300 only made sense. Once home only two more cameras would pair with our current Arlo system. When trying to pair the 6th I found out only 5 cameras are supported by the Arlo "free" service, more then that and I needed to pay $99 a year. I tried using the 5 cameras for a few days and apparently the modem can't handle the extra cameras as 1 was constantly "offline" and the other intermittent. Would have to climb up, remove and re-install batteries to get them back up (which only last less then 16 hours, then I had to do it all over again) Packing them up and taking them back!!! Still have the original system and since we've had it 6 months we're stuck with it. Again it's an "ok" system but the recording starts 5-6 seconds too late and you catch the back of people coming and going. Not the greatest if someone were to break in and you're trying to ID them. We'll be looking into the Nest and other systems even if it means hardwiring them. That's too bad because I like the concept that Arlo has, just needs to work out the kinks.
Good camera view. Only problem is you have to talk to visitor through the phone app. I would like to talk through my Google Mimi.
Great deal, great phone. Would totally recommend!
Far better than my previous doorbell camera. The large field of view works well in my situation as it is mounted perpendicular or 90° to the door. It catches images of approaching individuals far sooner that my previous camera. I receive notifications quicker as well.
I ordered this to replace my previous Visual Land tablet when it was stolen. That tablet was like this new one but a different color. My old one cost more. I use this tablet daily and am very satisfied. I love the speed when on the internet and the fact that I can use an SD card for more memory. You can't go wrong with this tablet; it's a steal at this price.
The color is great. It falls off though. The two pins won't stay secured. The slightest pull and it falls off. I guess I'll have to get the more expensive onecand not the knock-off.
Case great, love galaxy cover.
Trouble-free experience. Great picture. Would highly recommend! [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
My 7 year old loves this watch/fitness tracker. We bought accessory bands and she loves to match her outfit every day. Simple enough for her to use and change on her own.
This little device has changed my life. I rarely watch anything on regular tv anymore. I have had zero problems - easy to install, great picture and connectivity, I love that you use iPad as a remote, and you can even take it with you - have Roku will travel!
We have tested it on our 4 devices, but when someone is at the door and pressing the doorbell, you won't get a notification on your phone or tablet. At least..it works ramdomly (1 out of 30 times). We have all android devices. If you search for more reviews on this product, you will see that lot's of other people have the same issue. The issue is still not fixed!! (time of writing, 4 november 2019) I hope they will fix it, or we have to sell it again.
Everything about this phone is pretty great except for one thing. Check the internet and you will see for yourself. My phone will turn off for no reason at all and not come back on for 20-30 minutes. Not great when you really need it. Several people on the internet have complained about this and received no help from Motorola.
Freaking sweet. Easy to set up, easy to use, easy to look at. What else could you ask for?
Cheap wood and plastic and the sound isn't awesome but it works.
Not the best VIZIO picture I've seen but its good! I am content with my purchase. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
I bought this quadcopter while back I did a review online very happy with that thank you very much look forward to reviewing some of your other products
One drop of this pen is a $100 accident be careful with it. It's a nice stylus but is very fragile.
I purchase 2 pair for my granddaughters and they tell the difference in quality from the brands I have them in the pass I remember jvc from my teen years and it was consider one of the best back in the day..I turn sixty years old today and if you had a jvc music product you had one of the best brand
Love it! My old xbox took a dump and ended being useless. found this online, ordered it with affirm and BAM! I'm loving it. great price! came with a game franchise ai love
I purchased to use in my classroom. I teach K3 and I play music when they are coming in and to get their bodies moving. It sounds wonderful, crisp, clean and clear. I actually got the ISB08S you did not have it listed.
Slightly confusing at first. I expected to get a home screen and start playing with icons...but, instead, was confronted with a bunch of setup pages asking me info I didn't have (Gmail and Wifi passwords, etc)...all of which I now know can be skipped and entered later. Gmail is simple, but setting up/accessing other email accounts is a disaster. 1.78 GB user-available internal storage. Take note of the size of downloaded apps/games because, on top of everything else Android tries to put in there, you'll quickly find storage maxing out and performance affected (under 50 MB each and you should be able to get about 40 apps or games on there). There's a "move to SD card" option on some apps, but this version of Android actually only moves them from system storage to user-available internal storage (piracy protection). Only photos, music and documents can be stored on the removable SD card. 512 mb RAM seems sufficient, but half that is usually already being used by "services" of some sort. Although the OD2 has the relatively ancient/low-end S1 chipset (Adreno 200 GPU), it's scorching fast on all 2D games and even handles up to mid-level 3D games. Jellybean (4.1.2, aka "Project Butter") is significantly more efficient than previous Android versions, so I'm getting a surprisingly smooth 25 fps. Multi-touch screen lets you use both hands to move and turn, simultaneously. Built-in accelerometer allows phone to be used as a gesture controller to steer flight simulators and car/race games. Excellent Wifi reception. It's picking up my home modem's signal...and 5 others in our neighborhood. Love how it automatically finds hotspots (no extra app needed). No need to activate phone to use Wifi and it was easy to set up with my home modem. Turning both Wifi and data on/off is user friendly and quick. Constant Wifi use heavily drains the battery, so be prepared. Screen is the best, and worst, feature on this phone. At 3.8", it's the biggest Tracfone has ever had, but the resolution is very low/grainy. It really only affect photos viewed in full screen, but, on the other hand, it doesn't tax the processor as much. The screen extends to practically all the phone's edges and has a respectable 3:2 aspect ratio (instead of 16:9 widescreen on current high-end phones), but viewing angles aren't great (not IPS). Double-tap zoom and "pinching" lets you blow up web type, photos and online barcodes, but doesn't work on games (I can't even read the type on some games). Built-in YouTube app works smoothly, but Android doesn't support Adobe Flash Player, so you need to download a flash browser to view most webcams, etc (unfortunately, adding to the two non-removable, non-flash browsers that come with the phone). Call quality is fine...a little "gargly", but every cell phone I've had sounded the same. Stereo and standard 3.5 mm jack are nice. As usual, the external speaker (ear hole) is weak and tinny and only acceptable for calls. However, music through a decent set of earbuds is as good as any quality MP3 player (o.k. bass) and even better through closed earphones. Plays MP3, WAV, AAC and AMR (no WMA). Photos/video taken with this phone are dull...I'd only use them in an emergency. For anything close to acceptable, you need good lighting and WIPE THE LENS EVERY TIME! Zoom yields poor VGA-like quality and blurry close-ups due to fixed focus lens. Adding to confusion, Android shows all photos and videos on internal storage, even when they're on the SD card (only when storage is viewed from Windows, do they show as being on the SD card). When using the "Import pictures and videos" option on Windows, it only imported half my photos and entirely skipped my videos. I was only able to transfer everything by using the "Open device to view files" option and then do a copy & paste. Marginal battery life. Without Wifi, I get maybe two days of heavy use per charge. No indicator light during battery charge or complete. Battery icon is visible on screen when cable is first plugged in, but disappears when screen sleeps (you can keep checking by pressing the power button...or choose "Stay Awake" in settings). I've found the new "recent apps" capacitive button is useless to me...and the "clear all" button is too large and easy to accidentally press, anyway. The OD2 looks sleek. It's half an inch thick, but rounded edges make it look slimmer. Balanced/medium weight at 4.4 oz. Impressive build quality; sturdy and convenient size. It's not ridiculously big, which allows comfortable one-handed use. Edges have slight texture, but get slippery with oily fingers. I don't like the power and volume buttons directly across from each other, but I'm glad it doesn't have an external photo button because those frequently get pressed accidentally. The screen is plastic, so you will need screen protector film and I recommend a case (together, shouldn't run you more than 10 bucks).
I had A 3.5mm to 3.5mm Bluetooth adapter on my TV, which did NOT work well. No sound on the left side of headphones, crackling, dropped signal, etc. The Mee on the other hand, was a completely different story. Super small, Toslink input, built in battery, and easy connectivity. The sound is EXCELLENT! I would highly recommend the Mee to anyone who needs a wireless connection for the TV!
Very happy with this rug, the color is as described. Excellent value!
White model is light gray not white. Very disappointing-had to send back
I have bought two of these speakers and neither one now works. The first one worked for a short time, maybe a month. I was travelling and listening to books on it in my old pickup when the first one quit. I stopped at Fred Meyer and bought a second one and it NEVER worked. I tried everything. I would not recommend this product!
Pretty good, entertained for a little while, saves on paper very light weight can take along easy
It's small like I wanted, but it tips to the frint when pushing the buttons on the DVD.
This was a very good price for a high capacity iPhone. The condition is very good with only a few minor scratches on the back and a small ding on one corner. Fully functional in all ways.
Love the new Roku. Higher resolution, point anywhere remote and ear buds. Don't like how episodes of shows automatically go to other. Wife likes to sleep to TV but not necessarily have it continue all night. Is there a way to stop this? Overall... very nice.
When I took this home and opened my package I saw the packaging looked all beat up, the seal was broken, and the phone case was in the packaging upside down. Obviously they sent me a used case that had already been opened. I returned it. Just spend the full amount on a good quality case. I was able to return in quite easily at the store which was nice.
I just recently purchased the iPhone 6s compatible fre case for my new phone 6s and so far am quite impressed. I did the waterproof test and it worked perfectly. The case itself is slim and fits the phone like a glove. The screen is slightly less responsive with the screen protector on it but that is a minor inconvenience for the protection it offers. Two other small quibbles are that the button to mute the ring is a little hard to click on and off, but not impossible. And the screw to attach the earbuds is very tight and hard to undo. So much so that I just use the speakerphone instead. Other than that I am quite happy with this purchase. I also have not had any issues so far with people being able to hear me with the case on. Overall thumbs up!
Won't charge call tec support no help reviews stated it was a piece of junk will not work on anything but an I phone if it would've worked
The cartridges come with great colors and they last longer than the non-XL cartridges. Compatible with my printer! [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
I have a Technics organ and it required a 1/4" Stereo Plug Adapter to the 3.5mm Stereo Jack of the Stereo Headphone. Both were available with this order together which saved a separate purchase
worked fine for a while and then it quit receiving the outdoor temp. tried newbatt eries and different channels..no go
First off the price is great what's just good is the fact that if you use you card(credit or debit) It will let you pay for it then you lol get a email saying your order been cancelled. What you have to do is use a third party site like PayPal to pay for the card. If do you it will work everytime. I gave it 4 stars for the payment problem. Hopefully wm will get it fixed!!!
I got my phone November 28 th and I have dropped 5 phone calls and I can not access my data..Other than these 2 problems I am happy with this phone but I will take it back to Wal-Mart and hopefully get this fixed.
I was wanting to order one of these refurbished iphone8plus or better if I can find one for somewhat cheap.. can you return it if it gets to you and something doesn't work? I'm seeing reviews on people's cameras not working and what not
Great sound and really does float but will stop playing music while in water. i would definitely buy again.
Great picture
The screen is large enough for more than one person to see in the car, its clear with great color. Easy for the kids to use, start and stop, it also has a pause so it will hold the place where you have stopped the movie when we need to get out of the car. Also comes with a remote if needed. I wish the carrying case was a little bigger to hold the head phones that came with the player and if it came with a charger. Overall seems easy to use and the kids can figure it out too.
Nice system, good features. Setting up the network, alerts, etc. a bit labor intensive for one that is not a computer guru but was able to get through the process without too many expletives. Still learning my way around the system but so far impressed.
I bought this product at Best Buy for over $30 and then found it here at Walmart.com for half the price! I first used it on a 4 hour car ride with my 2 year old son, who normally gets tired of sitting in his car seat halfway through the trip. This product is a lifesaver! I was able to set our portable DVD player up in front of him for easy viewing. He watched the DVDs for the entire trip and never made a fuss, it was great! Totally worth every penny and highly recommended!! Product is easy to install and un-install when not in use.
Love the fitbits and the teal color
Qled 70r 65inchtv has been excellent with my PS4 4k gaming system. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
Been using it for 2 weeks now, excellent picture quality, future proof, g-sync update, lg channels, intuitive magic remote, gallery mode, thinnest bezel-4mm, great inbuilt speakers, great upscaling, dolby atmos and vision support, free disney+, oled screen saver for burn in protection..what else can you ask for.
They did sound good but they don't last no time. I only had them for two weeks and both sides don't work anymore. DO NOT buy these. I should have listened to the other reviews about how they don't last. #AnotherLessonLearned
Ordered these off an online recommendation, so was somewhat skeptical. They arrived early and, upon opening them, I was immediately impressed by the quality. The construction is durable and well thought out, the cords and ports seem solid, even the foam earpiece covers have a good feel to them. They are comfortable to wear and well fitting (granted, I only danced around my living room thus far, so we will see). All in all, great first impression!! Then I charged and synced them up, and WOW!! The sound! The style settings are easy to navigate and they have amazing clarity and more depth than I was prepared to expect! They don't lose the highs and lows, and really bring the boom! Still have to see how the 12-hour battery claim does; but, if it's anything like what I've seen so far, I expect it will pass the test! And all at that price point! In short, BUY THESE! You will not be disappointed!
I’m satisfied with the Best sound from BOSE but this one is my favorite when it comes to Workout i’m always at the GYM altho it has a delay but its fine nothing to worry and i also use it on Coffee shops. Yeah its Bulky but it fits to any Intense workout it fits me everything Large Ear i love it Thanks BOSE
I just switched to Samsung. This is the most amazing phone, with a gorgeous design, and very reasonable price for the advanced features that are being offered.
Charged for 12 hours. Hard to sync the remote to the actual drone. Would take off once and after that won't take off.
I'm very happy with the picture quality. Live view is quick to respond. Night view is very clear. The microphone is sensitive and clear. Two-way communication works, but it can be hard to understand someone talking through the camera's speaker. It takes a Micro SD card which isn't included. The software is easy to work with for the most part and initial setup was a breeze. Some minor annoyances keep me from rating this as a full 5 stars. I can't seem to get any audio on motion event recordings. I've checked the settings and it just doesn't seem to work. Live view audio is fine. I'm also a bit confused on how to adjust the motion recording sensitivity. There's a motion sensitivity option under "Alarm Notification" which would seem to indicate that this only adjusts the sensitivity for push alerts. In reality, I don't know if that's the case or not. I think there should be a separate section for motion recording sensitivity. There's also no option that I can see for sound based triggers. I'm not knocking any points on this one, but it'd be nice Overall I find this to be an excellent value. It is easy to set up, easy to start a live view, and easy to view recordings at the preset sensitivity, but I would caution potential buyers that have any needs beyond that to ensure that this truly fits the bill. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
It's an okay tv not to thrilled about it but I'm using it for my guest room.
It's horrible! Doesn't charge. Only turns on us plugged in....doesnt help when you need it for the car
I really like this little TV it's perfect right now where I'm at ....got a $20 antenna and picture is crystal clear and an awesome price ....the only thing that was disappointing was the speaker..that's the only reason for 4 stars out of 5 ....I WAS expecting that from the reviews on here before I bought so I bought today these speakers and it made a HUGE difference...I can still use the external speakers for other things so it's not like I lost money ... I would buy this TV again but for the price you can't beat it ....just HORRIBLE sound so be prepared....if you have computer speakers then plug it in and your all set https://www.walmart.com/ip/Blackweb-Multimedia-Computer-Speaker/43920722
Wonderful TV, would not hesitate to purchase another Hisense TV.
I bought it a month ago and happy I did. cheaper and love the better than cable
Easy installation with basic wiring knowledge. I wish this comes in dimmer capability
I bought it a couple months ago, an im glad i didd.
We have wi fi in the shop now and the back of the house
we bought this less than 2 years ago and it just went black.
[This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
This is our second Vizio purchase and we are completely satisfied with the product. The other TV worked great and was replaced due to the contract expiration for Netflix, Hulu and Amazon Prime.
I bought this a few weeks ago and I'm happy with the purchase. I was deciding between this and the beatspill+ but decided to get this because of the color choices and the power bank option. I also like how it's waterproof.
Great little indoor camera. Its petite size makes it easy to place, without it standing out too much. Finding a place for it was made easier by the longer than normal USB cable that it comes with. Came with a wall mount bracket , but I didn't mount mine. I like that I have the option to mount if needed though. Downloading and setting up the app was a breeze. Has a crystal clear image while viewing the feed. Everything is perfect. It has been a great addition to my home security. I have been using this for a few weeks now and haven't had a single issue with the video or the app. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
Today is September 8, 2016. Purchased the camera October, 2015. Could never get it to work. Company replaced it, to this day, never worked. Claimed something was defective. It's been sitting for most of the year. Today I opted to throw it out. After a while their customer service people get tired of talking to you and don't take your calls. Piece of junk.
So far so good, but it's only been a few days. Came packaged in a plastic ziploc bag and not in an Apple packaged box, so I wasn't sure if it's a genuine Apple-made cable, but when I called Walmart about it, they confirmed that it is.
Great deal
My daughter is in Love with Frozen, bought these headphones especially to go with her Kindle fire they do a wonderful job keeping the noise down and she loves how they don't hurt her ears or head when she wears them for long periods of time.
Horrible sound -- like an old am transistor radio. It's going back for a better model.
These headphones have a great sound quality and bass without blaring and hurting my ears. These wireless headphones are great for adults and childrens ears equally. The pairing process works very well with my cell phone following the instructions included. There is a voulume adjustment, pause/ play button, previous/next button. There is a instruction button to explain how to answer calls or reject calls while listening to music by using the power button. I would recommend these headphones because the sound quality is great.
I bought this for my husband for Christmas. They are awesome! He loves them. Going to buy a second pair for myself.
Pros: - It's stylish. I've gotten so many compliments while wearing it. - Long battery life. No need to recharge. You just need to replace the battery when it runs out (after months). - Keeps track of my lifestyle. I'm still able to keep track of my steps, calories burned, sleep, etc. - Notifications. It gets a bit to get used to the notifications but once you get it it's pretty cool. Cons: - It's lacking an LED screen. It's a sacrifice you have to make for the old school style. - The app could be better. I'm not sure how efficiently it syncs up with Google Fit and other apps.
The product was nice, however , was not the quality of the one from years ago. It is sturdy, but the steps that pull out are not as solid as I would have liked.
Set up with 2 cameras only took less than 10 minutes. I have one at front door and one in livingroom facing front door. Motion detection set on both, alerts immediately to my cell, playback function works perfectly. Later in the evening while in the kitchen not on camera view, it picked up sound of me moving and alerted my cell. I give this camera 5 stars. Functionality, Cost, Installation and I feel safe after and incident last week. I'd recommend highly.
Great product. Best price. Thank you
Bought this to replace a similar unit that gave up the ghost. It plays our VHS tapes and the 3 DVD formats we have (+R, +RW, -R). That's all we needed it to do.
I Recently ordered four pairs of Dickies short sleeve coveralls and am very pleased with this product. They are lightweight and comfortable yet durable enough for farm labor. My husband had two old pairs that he had worn for years and loved them so I had no concerns about purchasing Dickies again.
We have been using this for a month and a half. I love that I have choices of what I want to watch not just what is scheduled
Probably the most amazing thing about this product is the incredible Bluetooth capabilities and sound. I could listen to my music in my ears with my phone charging 4 rooms away with the music still sounding crisp and outstanding! Honestly worth the price!
I purchased this television during the holidays and so glad that I did!
The watch would never sync to my phone. I have a LG.
So far I was using apple phone...Now after using s9 plus I can easily recommend this to friends.
Great pictures and great designs Good price. Great sound [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
Arrived on time. Great product and meets all expectations. A little confusing to hook up to all my other electronic components, but otherwise I'm very pleased with this product!
The cord to plug into the DVD player doesn't plug in all the way it doesn't have a full charge and when I went to try to get my money back they wanted to charge me an additional $35 to replace the item even though it was a Christmas gift so since it was past the due date
I received the bridge, along with my initial 5 lights, one week ago. Installing the lights were as easy as changing a light bulb. The bridge connections were only 2 cables, and the Hue App guided me through setup. Within a few minutes, I was changing color Scenes in my living room with voice commands via Siri on my HomePod, as well as controlling the lights from my iPhone when away from home. My next order of lights and lamps are already on their way!
The GS6 is a great improvement over my GS3 in several ways. First, it's more intuitive and second, the screen size is larger and easier to use without being cumbersome. I use my phone frequently every day and recommend it highly.
can't connect it to my network 5ghz....and i dont know why it can t see the same network that is also 2.4 ghz 3 stars now waiting for and answer....
Received them today. Completely garbled noise from speakers and mic. Really didn't expect such low quality. Will return!
It's amazing must buy for get all those Bluetooth speakers like the xb90 jbl boombox the monster xl this thing compares for less money buyyy it now it's amazing I thought it wanna gonna be a cheap crappy sounding speaker but no it's amazing
I do not have any experience whatsoever with Home repair or working with electricity it the installation for the Nest was quick and painless. I was able to install it in under 45 minutes even though I had no clue what I was doing. The included install guide walks you step by step through the whole process and it was all relatively simple. In fact I spent more time taking down my old thermostat than I did installing the Nest. And I could t be more pleased. It's already learning our schedule and making adjustments and helping us save money. Highly recommended.
works great, set up instructions are poor
It has good features a performance and the design .
I really have enjoyed the different programs that is on there
I bought the Roku to replace my apple device because the apple did not have Amazon or Acorn. The Roku does offer more channels, but the remote is awful. The apple remote was easy to use with only one button. The Roku is so confusing; it has way too many buttons. Plus the device is huge!
It installed very easily and worked fine
I bought the new 2015 Roku 2 after much research. It is fast and has almost all the features as the Roku 3, without the extra cost. After I set it up, which was very simple, I bought Netflix and seamlessly used my Roku 2 to connect to it. I love this device.
Installation is easy if you already have a wired doorbell. Very much appreciate the included 15° wedge plate, since our doorbell is on the side. I believe you have to buy it separately for Ring. There is noticeable video quality improvement from early generation Nest cameras. I have no problems check front door day/night. Highly recommend it.
This TV is amazing. We mounted it and it looks and works amazing.
Not reset back to Factory setting
Child loved it
What a great little network camera! The ease of installation is awesome. If you know your way around a tablet or smartphone setup is a breeze. The picture quality is amazing! What more could you ask for??? 1080 resolution for a great result. Very easy to use with Alexa echo show, and Wink. I bought this camera to test the ability to integrate with my other smart home devices. I love it, and the ability to watch the puppy just adds to the value. I have 8 other cameras that may end up getting replaced with the nest cameras.
a friend had it and loved it
Nice works buttons are a little ch e a p but the price was worth it.
Best speaker i ever owned.I love my UEMEGABOOM!
I was extremely disappointed after receiving order promptly that it required a cable box to work. That information is NOT written on any instructions. Had I known this it could have been avoided. My other set works great just installed in cable wall outlet. An oversight in marketing product since reading the reviews another customer had the same issue. I unplugged tv from both-repacked and return to Walmart. They kindly refunded money.
I definitely recommend this product! Very high quality for this price. Excellent for the gym!
It fits perfectly, and the keys are surprisingly quiet. Synced up perfectly with my iPad in about 3 seconds, and I haven't had to recharge it yet. I haven't a single complaint so far...(I only say “so far” because it's been about a week since it arrived)
I've used the Roku external unit for years, and have always found it easy to use and accurate. I bought a new HDTV recently, and was concerned that the Roku unit, built into the TV, wouldn't be as good. It's better! Very easy to use, and delivers the material you want to see effortlessly. I'm a big fan of it, especially after using the units of friends that are always difficult.
User friendly, easy to use the app and set up through Amazon Alexa. It makes me feel secure that I can turn my lights off and on whenever I need it.
Worked good, loud, battery life about 2-3 hours. Six months in and out doesn't charge up anymore. Disappointed.
I originally was not going to go with this model, but was surprisingly impressed with the difference between the 8000 series and the Q60. It was a very refreshing surprise and I'm glad I made the decision to go up a model! All the smart features and recognition with devices and available apps are a nice selection! The picture of the Q60 Is a nice upgrade from my old Samsung TV with 120 Hz vibrant picture. Would highly recommend upgrading to the Qled series from Samsung! [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
Soft and cuddly...good for chilly nights...not too heavy. Nice shade of soft sage green.
Purchased this to replace an aging 3DS and the larger screens are a nice touch! For 3D gaming the larger top screen is more immersive! The special edition artwork is great and the included 'Dream Team' software was a plus!
it's a little big for my ears but it has a great sound
You will be glad that you have Ecobee4 with a remote sensor
It was better than I expected, an you can't tell that it was refurbished an came early than they expected!!
Works great.
The TV is great. Holy wish it had a better interface when it came to Google TV [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
My boyfriend bought this for me yesterday and I love it clean clear crisp sound and does not bog down when u have a song on with a lot of bass
It?s a terrible phone, I ordered it as it said it was unlocked it didn?t work with my carrier and when I got it, the phone had red coming off and around the camera was all scratched up. I couldn?t even get a refund. Will never order again
I have only had the headphones for about a few hours and they work great. I walked around my entire house and they didn't fade or go out. Sound great, I am satisfied with my purchase so for. Shipped to my house is two days. I will buy again. Bass sound good!!!
Great deal love RCA products.
my son enjoys to listen to audio books, this is a pretty good headset.
Picked up item from store, the shipping box was baddly damage, the apple box had very little defects and scratches. I opened the box and tried to connect to phone and watch kept factory resetting and acted like was refurbished and wanted to connect to old set up. Randomly during set up went to Black screen with apple and occasionally switches to black screen. No tips or tricks will change the screen. I will be exchanging for a product that works.
I put the two I bought in the trash. I got tiered of trying to reconnect each time the power or internet went out.
I purchased it a month ago and I absolutely love it!!! The GPS is amazing. I just ran my first 1/2 marathon, and I am sooooo glad that I was able to just my Garmin- Forerunner 35 for the race.
This is the second one I bought I One two of them I find them to be excellent here I don't have to worry about scratching my screen
This TV has been everything my family needs it to be. The 50 inch size is good for a bedroom where a huge TV would be to much. The picture quality has been top notch. I believe it may even be just as good as our much bigger TV in our living room. Sound also impressed me as well. I've heard some very poor sound quality in some other similar TV sizes which worried me about getting one this size. However, I have had no complaints at all in regards to the sound quality. I would highly recommend to anyone looking for a TV this size. Sound and picture were fantastic and setup was very simple. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
I bought my Vizio TV 3 weeks ago and I jus love it.
It has a delay when switching to other apps, sometimes I have to unplug and plug back in for a picture. Sound is horrible programs low and commercials are too loud. Need a sound bar.
I try to stay very active and these earhook headphones are the most comfortable and durable than any other headphones I have tried. Unfortunately hard to find sometimes, so if I find some I buy a few at a time. Philips could charge triple and I would still buy them.
We have both used it once, but am looking forward to using it again.
This product works as sdvertised. I might have waited longer to buy it but Walmart included 2 free games with console, so I got one. I haven't played Titanfall yet. I was disappointed by Forza 5. It took a week (yes, seriously) to download. You could start playing certain parts of it on the second day but that was an unpleasant surprise. I have downloaded lots of games to my 360 and have had to leave it on for a day to get downloads to complete. Games are bigger on the ONE vs the 360, but I was still surprised. Forza aggravated me and others because they saved cars to download later. It's $60 for the game but another $50 if you want all of the cars. WHAT!? 500 cars in Forza 4, only 200 with Forza 5. Unless you want to pay the extra money to download the rest of the cars, which were available as a DAY ONE download (ready to be downloaded the day the game was available in stores). Titanfall, which was on disc, loaded in less than one day. I also downloaded 2 free games with Gold, Max and Spartan Assault, in less than one day. Something else to be aware of: with just these 2 full games and these 2 "xboxLive arcade games" about 15% of my available memory (hard drive space) is used up. My understanding is that games like Titanfall cannot be played unless installed to hard drive. It won't be long before I will have to begin uninstalling games to be able to install new ones. We may very well be able to attach external hard drives to the ONE to hold more games in the future. We will have to wait and see. I think you can use USB memory now but on game might fill up a 64 GB flash drive. Having to buy a memory stick for each game could get expensive.
This watch worked great for a while! It's good good features, tracks steps, calories, sleep, distance. Able to read texts from phone and see whos calling. Will notify that you got an email of facebook message, but cannot read from watch. Capable of playing music, adjusting volume and changing song from watch. Over all I was happy with the product, except with the charge set up. It has a magnetic round disc the plugs into a USB port. The magnetic in the disc was not very great, had to sit just right to charge. Had to charge daily. Eventually the magnetic stopped working and was unable to charge watch. Will look for device with direct charge for future purchase.
Quick and safe shipping I'm from CT it came from CA !!! A lot of people are saying the sound sucks it's not that bad I found it to be better them my old lg also the tv is very light not a bad tv for the PRICE you payed
Great Product for the money [...]
Have had this watch for a week now and haven't taken it off. So many features and new ones added all the time on the connect app. Easy to use and so light you barely even notice it's on. WINNER
i dont have it yet but about to buy it as we can like after time is finish and i hope it will be great as always wallmart every time do great things
The sims card did not fit, had to send back for refund. The phone came before scheduled so that was awesome.
I bought to sets of these earbuds for Christmas gifts. One for my husband and one for my son. Only one set actually works. The set the works is okay. Doesn't produce great sound but is adequate. I would not waste my money on these as you just don't know what you are going to get. I can't even get a refund because I purchased these in early November and there is only a 30 day guarantee on them and that expired before I was able to give them as gifts.
The headphones are comfortable on your ears. I took a 9 hour flight and had them in most of the time and never got a headache or earache. I slept with them on too! The only thing I don't like is there is no light to tell you they are on. But the battery lasts a very long time as long as the noise cancelling button is off. It even seems to let at least 10 hours with the button on.
This is super slow and in less then 6 months it will not even turn on. So slow in fact my 3 yr old will not even use it, when it actually kind of worked.
The phone works excellent! It came in 100% perfect condion, but the charger doesnt work. Thats just one problem.
I bought this TV for my bedroom and couldn't have been more impressed! I've had other smart TVs but this, by far, has the smoothest layout and the picture is absolutely gorgeous! Even the remote layout is perfect! It has all the features I could ever need in a smart TV.
I think I died and went to heaven since I got gifted the Roku! I will never do without it! I have shown all my friends the ease of use, choices and the way it picks shows for you is amazing!! Maybe its being 64 that gives me absolutely no patience for commercials. The day I counted the commercials (7 in a row) every 6 minutes was a real eye opener! I'm not a couch potato, but when I want to watch a movie...I DON'T want to watch all those commercials! Love my Roku!!
These are the best wireless Bluetooth on the market. Don't know how I've lived without them for so long.
The prices of televisions have come down in prices over the years. Unfortunately,these T.V.'s are a throw away comity.
OLED technology is amazing. My whole family, me included, look at the picture and it 's like being there. You can see the pimples on the actors the detail is so clear/ sharp. There's no comparison to previous technology like 1080p. OLED is far superior.
Have tried everything with the wand/remote which does its own thing! Very frustrating! We like our old Roku 2 much better!
Love it! I now have 4 of them. Perfect size and lots of table space.
Bought it last month for our teenager. He loves it for video games and sports.
I bought 2 of these for my 6 year old girls and they love them. They take them on the bus to school and it keeps them occupied. You can record your own messages, take pictures, record, play games, change backgrounds and more. It is a little bulky and can get stuck while taking off or putting on jackets but it's cute and makes them feel like they have a iwatch.
Picture quality gets better when you use a 4K HDMI great price and size
Walmart sells the best warranty plans at the best prices EVER!! My Alta HR broke. My warranty plan nearly paid the cost of purchasing the Fitbit Charge 3. I am not certain I like the Charge 3 yet but I purchased the Walmart warranty plan. But I absolutely LOVE, LOVE Walmart's warranty plan!!
lots of minutes, low price. I like.
so sorry cannot write a review it was a gift so a young man can reach his family during this crisis
Well worth the money! I love them. They're so convenient for phone calls, reminders, and of course music. They fit my small ears very well and feel comfortable
So I bought my Roku a couple of months ago but only just started using it about two weeks back. I love it. Everything I want to watch is at my fingertips, I can create custom channels for web series I watch so I can stream them to the TV, and all my subscriptions are right there. It's wonderful and I recommend it to anyone who prefers streaming to cable.
I have had the Samsung S4, S5 active, and a Note3 before owning a S7 edge. I really loved my S5 active, the camo color as well as the durability was awesome. The 7edge is such a clearer screen and looks sleeker. The only issue I have is with connecting my bluetooth to my car audio. It worked for a while, but now it will only play music, not work for calls. Also, miss having the infrared to use as a remote.
I had a gold watch made for myself in 2000 and when these iwatches came out, I was never going to get one because I had a gold watch with special meaning since it was custom made. Well, due to work and my life style, I got tired of having to bring all these hand held tech devices with me, so I gave in and bought myself the watch. LOVE IT!!!!! OMG I can't say enough about it and I especially love how I can dress it up and down with the covers and bands that are available. I can even go walking with my dogs and not have to worry about having my sport band to put my phone in because I'm holding their leashes and e-collar device. It's GREAT. One thing though.....you have to get the iwatch with GPS and Cellular if you want the full advantage. Otherwise it is just another watch and semi smart device. I have ATT for my cellular and with the addition coverage for iwatch and discount I received, it cost me ZERO. So that is a NO BRAINER! I made the mistake of just ordering the iwatch with GPS because I thought my cellular plan automatically applied but NO that was not the case. So I am thankful that I purchased it at Walmart because return was easy. No to mention, they have had the lowest price since I have been entertaining the thought of buying it and to date. Now the question at hand....what to do with my gold watch. I think I'll make it into a gold bracklet locket.
I have been using these headphones for a while now and its working great so far. It pairs well with my phone and the volume is also good. I didn't have any problems, and connecting it to my phone is also easy. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
New design of the box, responsive OS Only 4 stars, previous remote was better designed and more ergonomic, new wheel on new remote feels like it is missing
I love the Kwikset 955 Commercial Grade Electronic Lever in Satin Nickel finish for many reasons. First and most importantly, I LOVE the security that it provides! I put it on auto lock so that it stays locked after EVERY entry and exit and requires a code to get in each time. It does have passage mode to where you can leave it unlocked if you don't want it locked and requiring a code all the time. Disable passage mode requires the key or code every time. I love how easy it is to install. All you need is a screwdriver! You can program up to 30 different codes. It is really easy to program and reprogram codes. This would be a great for any office building, so everyone can have their own code to enter. The keypad stays lit for 5 seconds, so that comes in handy in dark spaces. You can enter the code with one finger in the event that your hands are full. I love that it runs on a 9 volt battery that too. It does come with two keys in the event that you need them. The lever is very durable and it fits right or left handed doors. I highly suggest the Kwikset 955 Commercial Grade Electronic Lever for any door that needs extra security. You can use it on any door. The garage, office, shed, storage room, front door just to name a few places it would work GREAT on. The decision is yours where you decide to put it. You will NOT be disappointed! I give it a 5/5 stars! [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
Great sound, best buy
I purchased this unit to replace my Roku stick because it has headphones for private listening. I'm very glad I did.
Bought it to gift to my son on his 5th birthday! Haven't opened it yet but I have read many reviews, asked other switch users and even played the demo ones in the store prior to making this purchase. Based on my personal research it is a good product. I'm excited to know my son is going to be beside himself when he opens it!
My 55" LG finally gave out after many years. Being totally satisfied with LG, and after comparing picture quality in a local store of LG and others, LG still wins hands down!! The sharpest, richest picture in my opinion.
Don't bother buying this tv. It is a waste of time. I tried one that kept muting itself at odd times when nothing was initiating it. I returned it and exchanged it for another one. Couldn't even get that one to turn on. I returned that one too. I am not trying again for a 3rd time.
I have had 2 in the last 6 months and both stopped charging and it takes to long to do download.. Didn't load most days.. I will buy a different name brand next time.. Never this brand
All I can say is thank you! This is my 5th ROKU and this on exceeds all.
A single hub works great. But you cannot have more than one on a single account. I have lights at two locations that I want to control remotely. I can only control one location remotely. This seems like a simple thing to do. Phillips needs to correct this.
Yes, it work on Verizon service, and very good. You just have to do right choice in network settings.
The Sylvania portable DVD's are excellent and a real pleasure for my two granddaughters, ages 7 and 4. They love to watch DVD's and the portable DVD"s are perfect for travel.
I bought these because the price for 2 pack curtains. I did buy 2 packs, 1 pack for each window. They work just fine having 2 panels on each window. From what I'm told, thats how curtains are supposed to be used. I work nights and they are doing just fine keeping out the bright Florida sunshine that hits these windows directly. So if you use them right, and don't stretch 1 panel out over a window, like in some of the pics in the negative reviews, you'll be just fine.
Going in a better direction, this device is at moment the best smartphone in the 2016 is an almost perfect device, the only thing that is miss is that doesn't have the function for the tv remote, but i say nothing will be close to this device.
Easy interface, great picture, super value. Really happy with easy setup and installation. I've been streaming amazon prime/firestick, Apple TV, you tube tv, Netflix, pandora, with no problems whatsoever! [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
For the money it's a good mixer. Have used it for whipping egg whites and heavy fruit cake batter so far, works great. Was looking for a cheap mixer with whipping-type blades and this is perfect. Too bad it's not carried in the store, but shipping was quick.
Would buy again!
I love this i get to see all of my shows on tv with out paying so much money great thing to have
This is my second Samsung tv I have purchased in 4 years. I have a 48 inch and a 55 inch. The 48 has had zero issues. I bought a 55 smart tv and the sales guy was trying to turn me onto a Sony. I decided to go with the Samsung because of the picture quality, dependability, and the price compared to the Sony..I woukd not hesitate recommending a Samsung tv. Everytime I turn on the tv the great picture quality reminds me of how I made a great decision not once but twice..I love my Samsung!!! [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
Good experience and product
My screen protector came about a week and half of ordering which is not too bad. The only thing I wish this product had a helper to put the screen protector on. I had my husband put mine on so I didn?t mess it up trying to keep a steady steady hand. He put it on easy for me, and my screen and tablet is fully protected with the silicone childs protective case I bought and this screen protector, perfect match.
I thought it was compatible with all GPS units. But the bulky front doesn't allow for the GPS screen to be angled all the way down, so as I use it its angled sightly upward. Not a big deal, but I found better friction mounts that were able to allow me to angle the unit much better.
Great picture and easy to figure out controls only downfall is speakers are now behind tv do not like sound from behind tv . Either have to turn up because hard to hear
I love this phone. My favorite feature is the camera. The capabilities of this camera exceed my prosumer camera. Editing and uploading is a breeze. If you are looking for a great quality phone please choose the galaxy 8. You will not be disspointed! I do recommend tempered glass and some sort of case or bumper to protect this phone.
Great for focusing at work. Holds a decent charge, affordable. Highly recommend
Very nice system, my son loves it. Graphics are amazing!
can't go wrong with this price/works great
Nice, soft and affordable. The color was just as I was expecting. I would recommend this comforter set to friends.
There are three options to control the bulb: the Geeni app, Alexa or Google Home. If you, like me, don't have a smart home, simply download the Geeni app from Google Play to your smart phone. The bulbs can be set up in the app to function individually or in groups. Each bulb is wifi enabled. You do not need a hub for them. Plug the bulb into your standard light socket. Turn the power on. The bulb will start blinking. It is letting you know it is ready to join your network. You can even use the Geeni app to give the lights names. The white light is bright! You can easily change the color of the bulb too. Be warned that the colored light is not as bright as the white. There is also a slight delay when you tell the light which color to turn. Overall, I think the bulb is a good value. I recommend it as a low cost smart bulb.
awesome android version of airpods~ BUT I think my pair were faulty unfortunately. The left piece won't sit in the case to charge anymore. Now I must apply pressure so it has contact with the base to read its connected.
I just got my Vivo3 today. Not really blown away with it. It does not register any flights of stairs. Done much research online and it seems to be an ongoing problem with no solution. I am not getting any notifications either. I'm sorry that I paid a bundle for a unit that does not work as well as my old pocket tracker. So disappointed.
I love the Roku. I have the Fire Stick and Chromecast but Roku works the best. The apps are better and they work better on the Roku.
For inexpensive top-of-the-line smartphone, this product is infested with bugs. A significant percentage of the time the entire touch screen function does not work. I have to go push the start button and log back in. This can happens in any kind of text input situation. The same malfunction happens at the three buttons at the bottom of the screen which on prior phones were hardware whereas here they are part of the software screen. Very annoying. The highly-vaunted feature-laden camera quite often locks up on me. You activate auto exposure/ autofocus function and it just sits there and refuses to take a picture no matter how many times you push the shutter button. To cure this I have to actually go and restart the entire phone. Here's another negative feature. The camera doesn't tell you what kind of resolution you are using when you change picture size. You have to go to Google to find that out The native Samsung voice-to-text function is really inferior to Google. And to add Google voice to your keyboard requires drilling down through a number of screens. It took me about 15 or 20 minutes to actually find this and do this. The so called adaptive brightness for the display screen doesn't work at all. I'm always having to go into settings and adjusting the brightness up or down.
These are decent-ish for the price you pay. I've had them two weeks and I have noticed soooo many issues with pairing and connecting these to my devices, as well as them randomly shutting off after 10 minutes of use.
Ordered two tablets. One had a screen defect the other would randomly not boot. Otherwise looked to be a good value, just need a little quality control. No problems getting those two problems resolved with Lenovo. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
I use this everyday for recording tv shows and replay next day. I only have regular tv and I can watch tv shows when I want. I would recommend it .
The speaker never played clearly always statically turning off randomly
I brought this las month and am not satisfied with it !!
I have a week with the phone this phones is super nice. 1. Design: very cool and feel very comfortable in the hands and is very attractive 2. Battery life: the battery is good but if you will play and watch movie make sure you have a bank with you if you are doing outside. 3. Edge: Personally is unusable for me but that give a special look to the phone. 4. Cameras: I just can say is pure quality in photography mode video is ok. Things I don't like. Battery life: is not too long how I spect. After watching a movies 1:30 hrs I need to recharger the device. I have a cheaper phone with same life time Edge: not have function that you really need or add things that could be functional. Rear side: please remove the Cristal and give me metal that add extra life to the device.
I got this watch for Father's day. Now 2 months later I'm dealing with a warranty claim because the back fell off. Like others I haven't abused it. The problems started a few weeks ago when I noticed the watch wasn't charging properly. Figured that I could get it to take a charge if I set something on top of the watch when it was on the charger. 2 weeks later and I pull my watch off the charger and the back doesn't come with it. Super disappointed especially since this seems like a real issue that others are having. The watch itself was great when it worked and I always got compliments on it. It was much better than the Ticwatch E that I started out with but somehow that watch is still holding together while this more expensive watch cannot. Hopefully my replacement holds together better...
Bought this a couple weeks ago and couldn't be happier!
I was hesitant to purchase this TV, I was evaluating between a Sony, LG and this particular model, after a close comparison the Samsung 7100 series has more value and features than their close rivals. I have a few Samsung equipment and I will be loyal to the brand. Thank you Samsung for reliable products. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
This is a great phone for the price.I dont do the contract so for a pre paid phone i think it is awesome does everything i need it to do.
This speaker is so awesome, I use it quite often and it performs the same as it did when I first had the speaker. Truly great quality and the battery-life is so long.
I was questioning buying this product but I am so glad I did. The picture is beautiful and the features are even better. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
Everything but the sleep feature worked which was fine. After six months it just quit. No charge would hold. It was good while it lasted
I love cutting up potatoes with this knife. It cuts straight and true, and neither slices to the left or pulls to the right like some knives do. It cuts cleanly and accurately with very little effort and makes an everyday chore like chopping up vegetables a joy. I am not an expert chef, but I do feed seven people, and I have to say that for a straight blade this knife fits the bill. I also like the self-sharpening sheath. Since I have small children around, even though I am careful to put things like this out of their reach, I like knowing the blade has just a little extra protection. The split second it takes to pull the cutting part free may some day save someone from cutting themselves. In addition to this, it's nice not to have to hunt down the sharpener every so often to sharpen the blade. Since the sharpener is incorporated into the sheath, it can be sharpened every time you use the knife, making for a sharper blade in the long run. You just hold the sheath firmly in one hand with your thumb and pointer finger just above the red spot, and press the knife against the sharpener as you pull the blade free of the sheath with the other. It really is that easy. I have tested the process with both the right hand and the left, and both work equally well. One thing to remember is to pull straight and evenly so as not to nick or scar the blade. You can also do the same process backward as you slide the blade back into the sheath.
Bought About Two Weeks Ago I'm Pleased With Purchase
Smart tv features easy to use. Great picture. Cord organization. Sound better than most [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
average tv...good priceand hopefully doesnt break
I love it nice TV Vizio simply easy a apps and enjoy sounds music
When i got the phone it worked for the first couple if hours than the screen stopped responding to my touch . I thought maybe i could take it and get it fixed for a low price but told me it was beyond repair when they tried repairing it . So the phone doesnt work
They work really well.
I had to purchase 3 tablets to get one that worked right. The tablet works fine until the battery gets low. Once it died, I couldn't charge it anymore. They said it was a bad port where the charger connected. I say 3 times!!!!!?
These blow all other headphones out of the water. I have tried all brands to ultimately come back to these as my travel, gym, and walking headphones. Once the music is playing you cant hear the person next to you. Can be used as ear muff in the Chicago winter.
Love the headphone sound great but the earpiece is too small
great system works awesome day or night easy to install and setup. would recommend to anyone
Easy to set up and good range. I placed the sensor on the door downstairs and the receiver in the hallway upstairs. I can hear the receiver even downstairs but it is not too loud to be annoying even when I am near it. I would have given 5 stars if I could actually use it on the front door as intended. The sensor is a bit wide (which is great as you have more area to stick to) but if you have door jambs with moulding then the two pieces cannot fit flush and will not work. Before you buy this make sure your door is flush with the frame or the pieces will have to be set too far apart initially to make the connection and it will not work. I managed to place mine on the sliding glass door at the back but would need to raise the sensor about half an inch to work on the front door. I hope that makes sense.
When I got it in my hand, I was a little shock by its side. but the speaker sound clear, and it is pretty louder. Hope the battery last enough.
Phone will not hold a charge. Goes dead after minutes of use
This is NOT the "latest Model" of airpod but that's ok. I didn't actually want the "latest model". Based on the picture and the very lightweight information provided, I guessed that in fact, this was the previous model and it is. It's rechargeable airpods with a wireless rechargeable base.
This TV is a great piece to have in the house for the bedroom. It does not overcrowd the room and you have all the technology of one of the giant TV's.
This ear buds are great, they fit great and are super comfortable. I have really small ears so I have a really hard time finding ear buds that will actually fit and stay in my ears but these ones stay no problem!
Tv's WiFi constantly disconnects and the picture is terrible. Returning this...
Great product my son is two and he is able to see so many educational channels
I am so glad that I found this item when I did. I absolutely love it. I can't believe it was the price got it for.
i bought for my husband he loves it i have bought from amazing forless severl times all different iteams they are all amazing
Received my Venu watch about two weeks ago and I love it! Very easy to use right out of the box. AMOLED display is eye catching. I've received so many compliments at work. Functional, comfortable and stylish everything you need in a watch. The oximeter is a little off but that is no deal breaker for me. I charge the battery about every 3-4 days.
I got this as a Christmas gift and it works well. Can't wait to use it more.
This phone look like used and the charger they send is not the I phone charger and its a smart phone cheap charger / head phone not included, box was not sealed
Awesome!!! Got a deal in it for around $240....totally worth the price!!!
Very easy to set up. Lots of fun and also convenient when having a disgreement about something. Google Home will solve it by just asking the question about the disagreement and she has the answer. As for Walmart, received the product extremely fast and exactly what was ordered.
My daughter loves it
I bought one about 9 months ago and havent used it all but the first month. After using it for a few weeks it lost all battery life so i had to have it plugged in (so much for wireless). Next it wouldnt connect my computer via bluetooth at all, but it did the first couple of weeks. Now i was fine with this because i could still plug it in but that really annoyed me, because i was inbetween regular computer speakers but decided to go with the slick looking wireless one that was $100 dollars more. Now it is totally done, it wont even play sound. It will play for 3 seconds then cuts out then back in making it virtually useless. This was a waste of money and the best part is that best buy wont let me return since its been longer than a month.
Great quality
We just upgraded to the Roku streaming stick + and have been thrilled with the picture quality. Very easy to set up also. Our whole family loves Roku!
Love the device but seems like maybe a problem with bluetooth firmware; not showing up as a pairing option on my phone or computer.
The mattress didnt expand to the 6inches it said it would but is still very comfortable and works for a kids bunkbed.
Been using it forever. What else do you need to know.
The Fitbit was okay excpet it stopped syncing in less than a year. The features are great, but it is a device not made to last. I received this Fitbit as a replacement for a Fitbit Charge that broke in less than a year also. It would behoove you to get an extended warranty on these devices if you have to have one.
Picture is very clear and crisp and the sound is really good also.
Nice phone works great I love the color very nice phone i love tha face ID and I love this phone and it has a long lasting battery it charges slow but the battery lasts so long
I like the speaker. The sound is really good. Excellent bass. The downside is that is supposed to last 18 hours. But even at 50% of volume i only can use it like 8 hours maximum. And at 50% of volume is not too laud. It just ok. If you put it at 100% of volume sound ridiculously good. So. Is a great speaker with nice design and really good sound but a weak battery life.
I returned other smart watches in the past, because I wanted text and call capability, and they didn't have. This is perfect for both of those. My only complaint is the the setup instructions.
Got our Xbox 360 fast and saved $50 by buying at SAMs Club. Other stores were higher priced. Great value!
No issues, very good replacement for cable or satellite
This is the way to go, especially if you're not at the home , or If you own an apartment building and you are paying for the heat / cooling this works great, especially if you live in another city or state from the building ...You are in total control of the thermostat A win win .. no more upset tenants , or phone calls in the middle of the night. The best part is you are able to lock the temp .
This watch has more features than I had thought and the more I use the watch the more I learn about it and absolutely love it. My favorite part is the screen is non touchable. I turn my watch to the inside of my wrist when I run or walk (I get a better heart rate and I don't have to twist my wrist as much to glance at the watch) and all my old watches would stop my running app if I accidentally touch it against my body while running and with this watch that doesn't happen.
So I'm never the type of person to leave a review on a product the I am overly impressed with the sound quality and bass of these headphones I use to be a skull candy addict for it that crazy bass these headphones blow them out of the water only company I'm ever going to use when I need a new pair of headphones currently using them for music production as well as gaming good microphone and they don't hurt your ears when they've been in for a very long time thank you so much for making an amazing product LONG LIVE JLAB!
The iPhone is great, but they sent me a phone that was locked into Sprint and not AT&T. But I had to make around 12 calls to find out what was wrong.
I have had this tv for 3 years with ZERO problems. I dont use the wifi i use the wired internet and have no lag or problems. sound wise I use a sound bar but the tv speakers werent all that bad. picture quality and screen have been great. I googled best picture settings for this tv and dialed it in and it looks just as good as any other tv i have seen in friends or families house. maybe i got lucky but i have 4 tcl tv's in my house with no problems....Im sure sony and LG etc all have thier fair share of disgruntled customers who happened to get a bad tv. all the parts are coming from the same places its just the brand thats slapped on the box at the end.
I bought a pair of these yesterday at the store. First thoughts on the product were pretty good. My friend has a pair and recommended them so I rode my bike and got them and it sounded great on the ride home. Later on in the I turned them on, I was about to turn on my music and I heard a noise. I donâ€™t know if it is a white noise or what but there is a sound every time Iâ€™m about to play a sound. I donâ€™t know if it happens on every product or what. I hear it sometimes during my music being played. Other wise it is a good product and I would recommend it.
Easy to assemble and disassemble. Great to travel with and easy to store
The picture posted below is the phone you will be rececing and should be in the description. No complaints on the phone thus far and if youâ€™re an apple prosuct pwrson you will enjoy the upgrade. Clear screen, fantastic camera quality, and night is pretty good as well. In my opinion a little pricey.
Screen is a little splotchy, but it's an okay product.
I use this camera to monitor a room in my apartment. Once set up, the camera has performed as expected. The video quality allows me to check in on my apartment when I want to, and the alerts have been useful in letting me know when movement is detected, with the ability to set sensitivity levels, which is nice. When perched up high, the two-way audio is not as useful as it could be, but that goes back to how I have decided to use the camera, and your mileage will vary depending on how you set yours up. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
This is a great product! It kills background noise greatly so I can focus on work, music and games. A must have !
didnt type and would randomly have glitches
This phone is completely faulty and unreliable. The alarm clock doesn't work and the phone constantly lags. Whenever I answer the phone, it takes a few seconds to register and pick up my voice. I am very displeased.
Absolutely love the camera. We've owned other companies cameras in the past, and this one is by the top of the line. Picture quality is amazing, and the ability to speak/listen is great! Would recommend this product to others in a heartbeat.
The nest camera was wonderfully packaged, was clear in it's instructions of how to set up with wi-fi, and was exceptionally easy to install. We are considering purchasing one more for the back yard.
These headphones have amazing sound quality, connectivity features, and no nonsense operability. The issue I encountered was the build quality is flimsy on the hinges. I've used these at an average of 2 to 3 times a week for 2 to 3 hours taking transit for 5 months. I was just using the headphones this afternoon lying on my bed (45 degree recline if that even matters) and then I felt something graze the back of my ear like something fell off and then I saw chips of plastic. I quickly inspected my headphones and saw that it came from the hinge plate that's in between the foam headband and the ear cup. I inspected the other side and saw that the other was also coming undone and it had a crack already. It seems like there's stress forming on these spots because the cracks were uniform. Hopefully the entirety of the hinge plates don't fall off.
Does the job. Talking through the intercom is a tad bit slow. But it definitely gets the job done
Doesn't work with Apple products. Waste of money.
Stylish and sleek. Looks great on the wall and sounds good as well. I am very happy with my purchase.
The Collider HR watch is very nice itself, but the software is absolutely terrible. A few issues: - Color: Watch is much darker than the photos. Its more black than light brown. Still looks nice, but NOT the color you see in the photos. - App Notification: the app only supports notifications for 13 apps. I have several others there are required - Wyze Cam, Hangouts Chat (separate app from Hangouts) Skype, etc. I don't understand this limited availability. I saw in an announcement that they are releasing support for more apps (including Google Inbox [which doesn't exist anymore]). However they will never keep up with the thounds of new apps being introduced everyday that people use. - While the watch has several useful functions (Stopwatch, View Past Notifications, Wellness Dashboard, Workout Mode, Music Control, Timer, Weather), the only way to access them on the watch is to link them to one of the 3 buttons. Lets say you don't have the Stopwatch linked to one of the 3 buttons - want to access it? You can't. You can set up multiple 'profiles' with different functions linked, but you have to go into your phone, into the Fossil App, and change it. - Do Not Disturb schedule doesn't link with phone. The app will notify me even if the phone is in DND mode (for example overnight). The watch either needs to copy the DND from the phone, or be able to set a schedule for DND. - Turn of HR sensor. I don't care about continuous HR monitoring. I'd like the ability to turn off the HR monitoring, which you can't do. - Phantom notifications. I get all kinds of notifications for apps that only come through on the watch and not the phone. For example, The watch buzzes with notification when it's clearing, and 'no new message' with Snapchat. - Alarms & timers syncing from the phone - if you set a timer on your phone, the watch does not notify you if it goes off. You have to go into the Fossil App and set a timer in there to get your watch to buzz. - Random disconnect
A perfect entry level drone that works very well. Calibration is key for this worthy uav. Have exceeded 200+ flights that average 12-13 minutes per flight. An epic bargin even at $99. ...
I bought several as gifts. I like it a lot. I own two. Great sound. Party starter! Would make a great wedding gift or birthday or graduation. You'll end up using it more than you think. Four stars because wheels should be 360.
I started coloring with these pencils as soon as they arrived. I've used others where as soon as you pressed just a little hard they would break immediately but these didn't. The lead seems to be nice and sturdy and it draws smoothly. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
Got for gaming and its been good
Phone working great and little of no signs of scratches and no dents... another seller I'll buy from again. It met all my expectations happy that I did.
This camera has an extremely easy setup, an app that works near flawlessly, and has all around excellent features! Perfect to see and hear what is going on wherever you place it. The only feature it does not have that would improve it is a panning system. I highly recommend this camera to all. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
Seems like more features, easier to navigate, great content
Its very good and easy to set up in seconds ... Larger coverage for base extender
Nice balance of cost v quality. Ok product. Hmmmmm
This little guy has excellent sound. It also holds a long charge! I used it recently at an outdoors event and the volume was perfect. It's compact size is perfect and fits in my purse. I am able to use my phone charger to charge the speaker as well which is a plus. The color is sophisticated. A great buy all around!
This was a gift for my daughter who wanted a water-proof blue tooth speaker. Though it has nice features and the sound was better than I thought it would be - the speaker was returned. The speaker worked for approximately 1 week for which it then failed. It failed to pair to any device. It failed to power off. We returned it and will be looking for a different speaker.
Bought online as a special gift for my daughter. She said it was perfect size for her bedroom
I love the phone. My problem is the random restarts that had happened since getting the phone. Also some programs are running slower than the s5 that I use to have. Also settings are set up differently so it is taking time to get use to it. I like the features and I'm loving the external storage being brought back. I love the speaker being on the bottom instead of on the back. Not thrilled that the headphone jack is on the bottom. Love love love love the camera.
The Eufy Lumos Tunable White Smart Bulb offers a solid range of color temperatures, from 2700K to 6500K, and it's easy to pick a temperature and set brightness without delving into sub-menus. Changes are instantaneous or were for me, but I have a pretty robust wifi network despite there being well over 100 nearby Networks the bulb responded instantaneously over the last two weeks. Eufy checks off nearly all the specs one could ask for in a smart lighting system. The tunable bulb cranks out a solid 800 lumens while drawing 11 watts of power, work without the need for a hub, and can be controlled with voice commands via Amazon's Alexa digital assistant or Google Assistant. The bulbs even support external dimmers. While both bulbs are a little on the large side, as the heat sink at the base is a bit elongated(not necessarily A Bad Thing)and they will fit fine in most cases. Setup is very straightforward with the Eufy tuneable blub, the EufyHome app walking you through joining each bulb's temporary Wi-Fi network, then moving it over to your home's standard Wi-Fi network. (If you're having problems setting up the bulb turn off your mobile data.) Within the app you'll find a straightforward control system, including the ability to share control with other users, tweak bulb settings, and set up schedules. The app is well-designed and easy to use, and even includes another useful feature called away mode, which turns the lights off and on randomly while you're on vacation. randomly turning the randomly turning the bulbs on and off for minutes for hours at a time while you are gone. My favorite features are the Alexa or Google home voice control, After adding the appropriate skill, Alexa
It's taking everything I have to not throw it against a wall. Full 4G connection. Will not stay connected. Been like this since day 1 but I've just dealt with it. It's getting worse, it's going back to the store if it can make it there in one piece. Also apps frequently crash. If you use your phone for only call/text then it's fine.
I love my Samsung. It is a very good quality system!! [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
Works great right out of the box. Sees all the digital stations in Phoenix area. Clear and sharp picture. Remember only a few companies make the screens and then sell them to various companies for assembly.
Arrived quickly and in good condition. So far it works great.
The way that items are ordered both by Roku and by individual services are haphazard and can be improved. Additionally filtering would be great.
Great bookcase for kids room. Stuffed animals go great in the bottom section and I liked how they predrilles the holes for the backing.
I won this in a Christmas raffle at work. I was pleasantly surprised at the sound quality! I hooked it up to Bluetooth on my phone with no trouble at all to try it out. I just wish the battery was expected to last longer than 3 hours. Other than that, this is a solid portable speaker.
This TV for the price is amazing. I would recommend. However that being said the sound when you play games is weird sounding. Everything else is awesome. The sound when you watch regular TV is fine.
I would recommend this item to anyone. However I will tell you anything you connect directly will sound much louder than the blue tooth option. It was also a bit difficult to get the phones to recognize the signal to connect via blue tooth.
Really one of the best phones I've had great battery life lovely desplay quick unlock face ID and finger print the only down side is that it doesn't have NFC
Buy this. You won’t regret it.
Price, shipping and just everything was perfect.....thanks for helping me give my wife an iPad!!!
It doesn't seem important now a days, but my Roku before this didn't have one and I kept having problems in with my home wi-fi. Having this one gives me everything I like, but options of keeping the content going fast and without aggravation. I already thought that Roku was an entertainment lifesaver, but now, it's definitely even more so. It has everything I want.
We recently "cut the cord" and the Streaming Stick + allows us to use one remote to not only move through channels, but also to turn tv on and off as well as control volume. Works great!
Great pair of cans. Best and headphones way better than the bose 35s and 700 by a mile
The ITech Duo Smartwatch is an amazing watch! I love the soft, perforated, black red strap because it makes the watch comfortable to wear. The app to sync the watch with my phone was quick to download and easy to use! My favorite part is the sleep tracker! It really is an all in one smartwatch that can do everything from track sleep to calorie counting and step tracker! My new favorite watch! [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
I use this for my portable items. Like my laptop and tablet. I also use it on my exercise equipment that has speaker attachment ports. It makes those sessions more bearable.
They are original from apple and they came in a matter of 3 days! Very happy
Best headset I ever had and that bass control u feel the music and keeps the outside world out I love that part lol great job keep it up
Bought this tv at best buy and absolutely love it. One of the clearest pictures I have ever seen. It's really easy to navigate all the settings. Plus got $400 off for a sale!
My kids absolutely love this!
right side is the only side that works left side and control button doesn't work on both sets I ordered
I bout the two weeks ago and I'm happy to say I did
I like how easy it is to use. And the sound quality when hearing music.
Refurbished Ipad3 looks brand new. Not a single mark or scratch. Flawless performance.
This makes only six so far that we bought. Smaal enough to carry around or even just lounge around. Been used for school,music, games, and watching movies on YouTube. So far no complaints. Thanks.
This Fire Safe provides me with enough storage for our important papers and other items such as computer backup devices. We feel comfortable that these items are protected from loss by fire. The size is convenient and sits comfortably beside our office desk. placing the safe on a 6 inch wood base raised it to a level more comfortable for access and puts the top of the safe at about the same level as our desk. Its top became the location for our all-in-one printer.
GIFT
as soon as i put these in my ear i feel in love wit them, the fit was perfect,the sound is very good crisp, with good bass, i had them in my desk drawer for about 3 weeks, sorry i waited soooooo long to try them. i will be working out with these from now on.
I purchased this camera with the understanding I could connect it to my LaView NVR. This wireless camera connects to the network only through an app created specifically for it. If the app does not work on your phone, there is no one way to connect it to the network. It took several days waiting for the Tech support to get back to me regarding the problems I was having with connecting the camera through the app. The only help provided was to send me instructions on how to connect through the app. I attempted to connect through this app six to nine times with no resolution. Each wireless camera seem to have a different app to specifically connect.
I love it
We received the Roku 3 as a gift. Its wonderful. The channel selection is great. The retrieval speed far surpasses our Smart DVD. I highly recommend this player to anyone who is an avid TV watcher!
Love this tv color is nice and bring and sound is good and can't beat the price
Pen is nice, but doesn't work. I can't write with it on my laptop or my phone. I have to tap something like 5 times before it finally takes... Very frustrating, not even using it.
I bought 3 of these for my kids Easter Gifts. They love them. They are 2nd generation air pods. They do not charge wirelessly but no big deal. My kids (17, 13
Just AWESOME ...the sound is clear and spectacular
this came damaged land had to send back
Amazing tool and love the google assist. Battery life much better than the Link10. Sound as well!
We are an insurance agency and must mail out ID cards. We have "sleeves" we put the cards in to send to our clients. They do not fit in a regular envelope. We looked on-line and found that JAM carried exactly what we needed AND at a reasonable price!
I actually bought the shirt to wear as casual wear. I've always loved the weight, the look and the warmth of Dickies work shirts. I'm retired, but wore Dickies for over three decades as an oil field geologist. Great stuff at a great price. And they look great with jeans.
Its good but doesn't feel like a 280 headset.... lacks alot of bass.... disapointed
Save your money, this unit is not worth buying, we have had the product for three weeks and we spend more time rebooting than we do watching any kind of TV.
Tv will not stop rebooting. You cannon even complete the setup which is required to get a call back from Samsung. Once you get it to a point where you can go to the home screen and pull up Netflix, it will play for a few minutes and then start rebooting again. Don't plan on watching a whole show with this one. I have 2 other Samsung tvs I really like which is why I tried this one. Expensive mistake.
Earbuds don't seem to fit my ears well enough to get a good seal. I can't find a way to contact Bose
THIS HAS ALL THE FUNCTIONS I NEED AND EASY TO USE.... EVERYONE COMPLIMENTS THE STYLE .. LONG LASTING BATTERY .. ALSO RECEIVED EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE FROM THE FOSSIL TEAM FROM PURCHASE TO SET UP AND QUESTIONS AFTERWARD THANKS SO MUCH
it took a while to get it going as my son checked the internet for instruction. it is very smooth and easy to control. not having replacement parts is a problem because one side of the landing gear fell off in flight and cant be found.
is Virgin Mobile compatible with insurance wireless
Great experience. Online shopping is quick and hassle free. I always purchase my straight talk cards online.
i bought this speaker yesterday, and the sound can be compared to my sonos speaker ... this says all: i've never heard a bluetooth speaker with these basses and sound; it's better than bose speakers!!!
We upgraded from a Roku that we have had for many years. Wish we had of done it earlier. It is so much faster and more responsive.
Well if i could give 0 stars I would! I bought these on December 28 for my daughterâ€™s bday on 2/1. She just used them for the first time and the plug is already broken. I cant return them even though she just opened them because it is past 30 days. I know you get what you pay for but the reviews were great thatâ€™s why I took a chance. Big mistake.
The Metal Bluetooth rugged earbuds sound amazing and are extremely comfortable. I recently bought some Bluetooth earbuds from a competitor in the same price range and they were the most uncomfortable earbuds or headphones I've ever wore. Suffice to say I did not give that company my business again. Since then I bought 3 pairs of these metal Bluetooth rugged earbuds, me and my daughter love them. I often forget that I'm even wearing them when I have my music off. I would recommend these to anyone.
This is such a "cute" sturdy set of shelves. My son has a small room so it's a perfect size to hold his shoes and nick-knacks. It is also very easy to put together....we had it completed in minutes.
I bought this about 6 weeks go. I have a Roku 3 which I love and use daily. My wife wanted something to use on a spare TV so I decided to get the no frills Roku player. Big mistake. I had streaming issues the entire week I owned it. The Roku 3 had zero problems during that time. Either spend for the superior Roku, or go elsewhere.
Fits great. Won't slip out. Kids love the fun colors.
Had a 75 inch. Then saved for the 80 inch because it is the best TV on the market
This is by far the best speaker I have ever bought would recommend it to everyone
Works great. Easy set up.
This product has great picture quality with its deep black and 100% color. Game mode is wonderful. Easy access to troubleshoot location. Saves time of making a call to Samsung.com. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
Amazing Apple products are always getting better, and this is proof! Definitely reccomend if your in the market for a new phone and have the cash.
I received this as a Christmas gift and I am very happy with this so far. The sound quality is great and is comfortable to wear for long periods of time. I wore these on an airplane and the noise canceling feature worked well. While in the terminal it didn't totally muffle the blaring overcom, but that is okay.Very happy with these overall! You can't beat it for the price.
Came in time , looks amazing ! I absolutely love it!! It did have a small spot on the corner of the screen , but it was refurbished so i cant complain. I love it !
These kitchen bar stools are a great buy for the money. I love the deep brown color. Easy to assemble. I do wish they were a little heavier because they do tend to slide a bit on my wood floors. But they do have plastic on the bottom legs so they haven't scratched the floors --so far.
I brought this item as a Christmas gift and I am hoping that my grandson will enjoy it.
Hi, I received my FLIR One today. I removed the FLIR One from its box along with the included USB-C Cable for charging. I proceeded to charge the FLIR One, it turned orange than began to blink green. After 2 to 3 blinks it turned off never to turn on again. I tried different working USB-C Cables resulting in the same negative result, I even tried using the included USB-C Cable on another device to confirm that it was a working cable. I left the FLIR One plugged in for 60 minutes in the hope it would charge but it never did. The power button does not power on the device and the FLIR app does not recognize it. I am hoping we can resolve this matter promptly either with additional troubleshooting steps or a replacement. I look forward to your response. Thank you
Bought his for a a Christmas present. He loves it and it works perfectly on the camper and boat
Hubby says it's got a clear picture but the sound isn't very high.
iPhone 8 came in great condition. No scratches, cracks, or exterior blemishes. Started right up like new. A fire wire and wall plug were included. I've had for a few weeks and so far everything is perfect!
The bright yellow is very pretty. The cover fit my ironing board and was easy to put on.
The information came within 30 minutes. I used it and it works.
My first 4K tv and the picture, even on regular HD, is amazing. I love the home menu layout at the bottom of the screen and the dedicated remote buttons for Netflix and Amazon (what a great idea). I love the design of the tv with the center pedestal which makes it easy to place on pretty much any stand. The LG content channel is a nice feature if you want to explore new internet channels, short features, etc and it's free. Just a few cons: the “magic” remote's cursor feature is annoying to me and unfortunately there's no option to disable it permanently; it's on by default and can only be disabled for a brief period. Some people may love the feature; I just don't find it useful. The only other con is that the user guide, which is only online (but can be accessed on the tv as well) is badly organized and written and in some parts, almost indecipherable. I've been able to figure out most of the settings on my own so it's not a dealbreaker but a more usable guide, especially for the remote, would be helpful. Overall, I am very glad I chose the LG because the picture, price, and design are great!
Great visual! The screen is an awesome mix of bright and dark.
Totally impressed with the sound quality. Super portable.
Has this watch for about a week. So far so good. It's light, comfortable and easy to use.
The iTouch Slim Fitness Tracker is easy to set-up and use. I like that it is not bulky. It comes with two different colored bands, making it easy to go with anything. It enables you to track and see everything in one place. This does it all from the steps you take to your O2 levels. I like that is has a sport mode for when working out. A really nice feature is that I can read messages and take pictures using the camera remote. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
I loooove this I would love it more with another nature sound and LESS BIRDS. THE DAMD birds make me want to get a BB gun after a while Hahaha! I looove the sound of the wind chimes. PLEASE reduce the birds
Phone arrived in excellent condition. Once set up phone shut off during calls and using apps. Tried resetting no help returned.
I got it for my husband and he loves it. It sounds great.
Tried to use this gift. Had promising sound. But a real screwed up Project / Product - this iZBT10. Looked for apps to support it; resulted In the garbage. Relectant to tell the person who gave it to me to stop buying iHome products.
Phone is great but what good is a phone if the chargers that come with the phone dont work. Love the phone but not the charger!
Bought this unit on sale for my workout room and have been very happy with the performance and ease of use. It isn't as slim as some of the newer TV's but you can't beat it for the price and the picture quality is excellent. I feed the sound through my stereo so I can't comment on the sound performance but the picture is excellent.
TV was so bad that I had to return it. I am not sure if it was damaged in shipping or what but I wouldn't get the RCA brand again.
I bought the two pack bundle and plan to buy a few more in the future. The Nest Aware app is awesome and allows me to get notifications and monitor my house when I’m away. I get alerts from when packages being delivered, when my dog barks and when I have visitors. The two way audio is perfect as well. I highly recommend and am very satisfied with my decision to get this product.
I bought this one month ago and glad we did. OLED picture is great. Easy to set up. Easy to use. Instruction video is helpful.
Very nice TV , has rich color and very clear . I would buy again .
Not even strong enuf to lift itself off the ground!! Tried charging battery a few times to be sure & it just sits and spins the propellers. Taking it back...
I did my research for a larger TV... I could not be more please with my purchase of the 86” LG LED TV. The clarity and sharpness of the picture are amazing!!! Better then models twice the price!!! I could not be happier with it!! Movie night has taken on a whole new aspect and I never have an empty seat in the house!!
Functions as advertised Build is a bit cheap Overall I am pleased
Thanks for a speedy delivery
I bought the overalls for a Christmas gift and ordered them because I couldn't find the size I needed. The ordering process was very easy and my items arrived promptly.
I've had my TV about two weeks the picture is so great my other four TVs look terrible I'm going to buy another Sony later today
It was well worth the money. Did not get a response from the parent as it was a gift for her child.
Have remote control that is very easy to use
I'm so happy that I bought the Samsung Galaxy j7 Sky Pro phone. I've been using a Galaxy S5 for the past 3 years and it wasn't until I started using the j7, that I realized how outdated the S5 actually was. The j7 is much faster under all conditions and actually performs as well as my son's much much pricier S7 Edge! I'm not really sure what Samsung did to make this phone so competitively priced, but I'm as happy as I can be with it! I highly recommend this as an alternative to one of the much more expensive phones. it does everything I needed to do and then some! Great phone! Great buy!
Just the right size for my camper. Working fine and easy to hook up.
Bought this a out a month ago for chistmas and as a family gift.
I bought these for the two windows in my master bedroom to add a pop of color to a boring gray room. The curtains were darker than I was expecting, but happened to be my favorite color and still coordinated with my quilt. The fabric is very soft and fairly thin, but I was only wanting them for color and not to block out light. And you can't beat the price!
They look good quality, very comfortable to use, you can use them while you go shopping or working out, I loved that the battery lasts for 10 hours
LED is a great advancement towards energy efficiency! This bulb has a lot of pluses in it's favor. It uses less energy than standard bulbs, lasts a long time and is not expensive. The shatter resistant feature is nice to have when handling the bulb. It feels like it is made of some sort of plastic. I prefer white light bulbs though so I would not buy this bulb if it was only available in soft white. Soft white lends too yellow a cast for my liking. In the photo I posted, my gray desk does not look gray due to the soft white cast. In the end, if you like soft white then I highly recommend this bulb. The 100 watt level output is good for most applications.
First off this was the easiest camera I have every ever installed. The direction were straight forward and easy to understand. The camera cord is long enough so I can place this camera up higher. It is easy to mount if you want to scew it in ir use the tape and magnet that comes with it. This camera comes in very clear to. A little glare on night vision night view but the daylight view is great. Once you upload the app it is everything connects itself with just a touch of a button. I love that I can view this camera without having to pay for a subscription. It also keep some footage up to two days. While viewing it on my phone I did experience a lot of pausing. Very nice! [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
I'm not an audiophile, but I can say that these are really great sounding wireless earbuds with a premium feel and design. Every song I've played, call I've taken and video I've watched, have all sounded great. The build quality of the earbuds feels high quality, connecting the earbuds is simple and straightforward. Charging the earbuds is easy, out the earbuds in their case and plug the supplied micro USB cable in. The packaging of the poduct gives a premium feel to the earbuds, the way the box presents the earbuds is, in my opinion really cool. Overall, these are a great pair of wireless earbuds that can compete with other available products. Your get a premium feel for a fraction of the price coated to the competition. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
i got this phone for my daughters 16th birthday she was happy i was not. i paid for the advertised i phone 6 PLUS. my daughter informed me it is a 6 s not a plus screen size is not 5.5 only 4.7. is not what it says it is i guess you get what you pay for.
I get to use several DVRs at home before purchasing for work
After waiting two weeks with two more days delayed at the store the I got the TV home and the screen was cracked.
I wasn't sure which camera to purchase, so I started at the cheapest ones and read the reviews. This camera was in the cheaper region and the reviews were contradictory so I decided to try it out for myself. It cost me around $40 tax and protection included. I've had it about a month and don't know how I did without it for so long. It makes my life more convenient, I can see my child's bedroom at any time even when I'm away from home. It even has night vision! The picture quality is good and set up was pretty easy. So overall I would definitely recommend this camera!
These are very nice curtains that are no iron material.
Microphone stopped working within a few months and we can't find one that will replace it, before then it was fantastic
Easy to put together and seems sturdy enough.
Absolute trash. Worked fine when I first got them. After a day or 2, they won't charge and are absolutely worthless. If I hadn't thrown away the packaging, I definitely would have brought them back. I can't find any information to call for help with them.
Works well, perfect for the kids. Actually first one I got was damaged but it was replaced immediately with no hassles. Would buy refurb anytime.
Had the Edge6 and Note8 and both worked flawlessly. I have a S8+ now only complaint is a black square appeared at the top right hand corner after 2 years of use. Not a major problem, but is my only grievance I've ever had using Samsung Galaxy products. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
This TV is amazing! It just fascinates us every day we watch a brilliant 4K movie. There are still many things to learn about it to dial it in but its been fun so far.
Noise cancelling blows away my Bose Quiet Comfort 25. A-B'd them on a plane this week. Hands- down Sony for this. A bit bummed that BT sample rate is only 44.1, and that the bluetooth disconnects when hard line is plugged in. I would love to use this for pro-audio but alas, can't. Either make the BT 48k, or allow hard line for audio and still keep bluetooth connection for phone calls and other control. For non-pro stuff, these are great.
Easy to put together. Love the design. It matched my other furniture that I bought at a major named store.
Bought these specifically because i'm tired of having to replace earbuds because of the wire issues that cause the noise to stop coming out of one ear, ran into the exact same problem with these (but without wires.) Though i've had them for only a month, the volume will suddenly stop if i move my head too much. It's not totally unusable, but incredibly annoying. Not only that, when the case is dropped the earbuds can fall out. The sound quality is pretty good for the price it's at, and it's not too much of a pain to use, which is why i'm not giving it 1 star, but it's too fragile.
This is the second streaming device that I have owned and I prefer Roku for the remote, one-button access to streaming services, and performance. I would love to see it with a volume button, but other than that, no complaints.
These earbuds are perfect for working out. They are flexible and you are able to form it to your ear. The music sounds great but a little bass heavy. Highs are good and so are the miss and lows. They sound great. When i'm running these things don't move and are comfortable. Battery life is around 9-9.5 hours. Perfect for a day of working out. Great choice for working out and basic listening.
This tablet is crap compared to the cheap RCA tablets Walmart used to sell. It's a poor Chinese knockoff of RCA. Every time I try to run an app the tablet freezes up and has to be restarted; this happens multiple times in a row and is very frustrating. The touchscreen started going out very quickly after purchase. Even worse, the battery life was terrible to begin with. I'm lucky to get an hour's use on a full charge; when I charge it, it starts to overheat every time. Worst tablet I've ever had and a complete waste of money. Do not buy.
Great phone easy to use very durable a little expensive but worth it. Don't like having to have a credit card on file.
The viewing angle is bad on this TV. You have to be directly in front of it for the best picture. This is mostly common for LED TVs, but this TV is the worst when it comes down to viewing angles. Try viewing this TV from an angle on the side (like a couch on the right or left side of the TV) and you'll notice the picture gets washed out and has a greenish tint to it. Viewing from these side angles isn't ideal at all! The sound of the speakers is okay. Its not good enough if you want a home theatre experience. Add a sound bar if sound is important to you. But good luck with that, as most sound bars won't fit well in front of this TV. They'll be too tall and block the bottom half of the TV. The picture quality is good when viewed directly in front of the TV. It shows it's HDR 10 compatible, but upon further research you'll notice this TV can barely be qualified as that. 4K resolution is okay, but you'll have to be close to the TV to notice any extra detail in the 4K content. I'd say if you're big into 4K, look for a TV with Dolby Vision for the best 4K picture. This model doesn't have it, but newer model TCLs do.
Blue tooth absolutely sucks on this device. OR...they did not create dependable software for the Apple environment.
Great speaker, awesome battery life, and superb sound. Definitely an upgrade from my charge 2+. Would rate it a 4.5 out of 5 though since there is no AC adapter for charging, luckily my charger from my 2+ works.
So happy I bought these! Love the quality of them!
This was a great buy! I wish they had more of them so I could buy a second one.
So glad I made this purchase clear picture great product
Genuinely fantastic product and service. The earbuds work like a charm and came in 4 days earlier than they were supposed to.
Has problems syncing. But is a good smart watch except for the syncing problem.
Was a little worried as I did not have C wire but instructions/pictures were great and allowed me to get everything working first time through
I purchased these for my daughter, and they were horrible. They didn't even come close to fitting around her ear. I took them back to my local Walmart, however, and returned them easily. I also purchased some really cheap earbuds during that same visit, and they are working great.
I have used this for TWO DAYS now and it's everything I read about and more. I haven't used to as much as I have liked but everything is easy to use. My first Garmin watch for a simple runner and gym user. I see so many functions that I'm going to get up and do it for fun.
Unit takes 30 to 45 seconds to come on. Easy to set up, Nice color,Sound is short.Very Brit. Tv will Not work cable box,you have to use 2 remotes. 1 for volume
I purchased the Galaxy 46mm smartwatch late summer or early fall. I love the idea of the extended battery life, compared to the Gear S3 and Gear Sport, as well as its ability to be used in the pool just like the Gear Sport. I would be interested in buying a second one as soon as Samsung comes out with an all back version, in a 46 mm case, just like the Gear S3 Frontier. Samsung, there a still people out there, like me, who prefer the larger watch face. It was nice for you to offer 3 color options for the Galaxy but not at the price of having to accept a smaller watch face. I think you should offer all 3 colors of the Galaxy in both 42 and 46 mm widths.
Easy install works good but has a buzz in the background
Backlight is too bright, when it is turned off, cannot see the time.....alert signal is way too loud and cannot be adjusted.....
DVD player made a lot of "engine noise" thru speakers. I returned back & buy other brand that the installer recomend me.
A coworker of mine has a surface pro that checked in at nearly 3x the cost of this asus version. Sure, the surface has better specs, but the price difference alone more than makes up for that. If you are looking for a windows based tablet, mini laptop, or just something to get some work done on a plane, this thing fits the bill nicely for not a lot of dollars.
I already have a Moto G5 Plus, all I can see the downside of the phone : Processor : 1.8Ghz of 8 core CPU (Moto G5 has 2.0 Octa core) Memory : 3GB (Moto G5 has 4GB of RAM varient) ROM : 32GB (Moto G5 has 64GB of ROM varient) No NFC, so no wireless charging. Not worth the money we pay, I would stay with G5 Plus
I bought this TV for the bedroom and it exceeded my expectations.
Koss is one of the best sounding headphones. For the size of these headphones you get comfort in wearing them along with a awesome stereo sound. They give you great sound for the Ipod. My girlfriend wears hers all the time.
I bought the TV about a month ago. I rarely watch tv but this had good reviews and the salesman recommended it. It takes a few seconds too long to "boot up" for my taste but that's probably a bit picky. Aside from that, the features are great. It's simple to operate. I have it mostly synced with Alexa. Alexa can turn it off but she can't turn it on. Not sure why that is. Alexa keeps saying the tv isn't responding. The remote has the app buttons on it so it's easy. Just press netflix and the tv turns on and goes straight to netflix. (after everything is set up of course) Set up is pretty straight forward and easy.
Had to return the first one we got after 3 uses, it wouldnt read dvds, the second had the same problems 2 months after purchasing
I bought this LED HDTV for my daughters room. It was easy to set up as it required little effort on my ability.
It took me 6 months to pick a pair of headphones and I'm so glad I didn't settle! I love these! They are comfortable with fantastic sound. I used them while shoveling snow. I never lost connection they stayed out without fitting to tightly. My mother called during this time and she is dead in one ear and partially deaf in her other ear. I was worried she wouldn't be able to hear me because the mic is embedded in the ear piece. She heard me perfectly. I would definitely reccomend!
I'm about 5'10", 160#. I needed a coverall to wear outside during the wintertime but did not want an insulated coverall. I bought a LONG TALL coverall #48799BK. It comfortably fits over my hoodie and 874BK, 34 x 32 pants. The coveralls are easy to put on and take off - do not have to struggle to get them on over the hoodie in contrast to a competitor's 44 Reg coverall. The cloth is heavy grade and appears to be very durable. Like the zippers on the upper pockets-stuff does not fall out and the pencil pocket is great.
Got these for Christmas and after 4 days, I still haven't figured how to keep them in short of super glue. Your products are usually fine but the designers must have very strange ears. Spock maybe???
Are all of these TV manufacturers selling furniture too? It seems all of the TV's have two feet on them requiring very wide support furniture underneath them. What happened to the single support in the center of the TV so it could be put on a smaller bureau or TV stand? I refuse to mount a TV on the wall. Again, more expense to buy a good wall mount.
Lightweight, nice appearance
I have truly enjoyed my new TV, glad I made the choice of another Vizio
A perfect bedroom tv. The screen is clear and the apps installed really help.
I like the size. I only used it for simple games. However I was dissapointed when I returned the original unit because the screen color would not show correct colors. It always changes to shades of blue. When the replacement arrived, the same issue was present.. It works properly. i just adjusted to the blue screen.
I have purchased the email phone card for 5 months now and have waited to post my review. First, it does what it says. You purchase and in my experience within 10 minutes, I have my pin sent to my email. Except One time, my service ended on a Friday and I get paid on Friday. I didn't remember to order my card until well after 6pm. Let me tell you that it took a day for me to receive my pin. I went so far as to try to cancel it, but it wouldn't cancel. The other 4 times, I order my card (email pin) on business days and sometimes at 8pm or later, and during the after business hour times, it may have taken nearly 4 hours, but if ordered by at least 6pm EST, I got it within 10 minutes of receiving my order confirmation email. All in all, great and convenient to do. I have encountered the issue of going into the store (Walmart) and there were no phone cards at all. And, there is the issue of transportation and gasoline. This saves me the trip and that's the SassyTruth!
didn't come with all the apps as advertised and no sound even volume is turned all the way up.
bought a netgear nighthawk over christmas and it didn’t work near as well. super easy to setup and has great coverage. only thing i wish it had was more ports out but nothing a hub for $20 didn’t fix. A++
I bought this watch for my daughter's gift at Christmas, everything was perfect until in 2 days it stopped working. Disappointing the low quality of the Vtech brand.
It's not that good. It sound like you understand water
My camera arrived today and for the past several hours I have been trying to just get it to connect to my network and have talked to several support Representatives from the manufacturer and it still will not even connect to the internet I am returning this product.
Loved it! Just as described. I definitely love the upgrade for the price. The camera is great, the battery is great so far. No complains. And shipping was fast. :)
Rechargeable batteries are the best! Saves alot of money over time. And the charger works great and fast, the batteries last quite awhile to. It charges 4 batteries at a time. I think it's a great deal, compared to buying regular batteries, much much cheaper.
Perfect for my 3 & 5 year old Nieces for Christmas!
I returned it the next day. I couldn’t get the cables connection right.
Beautiful set, quality is just amazing for the price
Nice and comfortable good price
My son has been using this product for about a week. We chose it specifically for tracking his sleep. It was an added bonus to have a chore chart too! He loves wearing it and says it's light and comfortable, stays on nicely. I wish more information was provided about the actual game. It's just there to figure out as you go.
Looks new. Works fine,we like all of the features also.Fun,Fun,Fun
The watch is gorgeous and the colors are as pictured. I wish the blue was a little brighter to pop more but overall it is a handsome watch. It is a Christmas gift for my boyfriend so I can't say how easy the features are to use but it comes with all the instructions. It shipped within a day but then took over a week to arrive, that was always the estimated date so no complaints there just make sure you order 2 weeks before you need it.
Good for the price. Having an issue with the charging but working on a fix.
Great company. Bulbs and app work perfect now. The app has gone through a few updates and is more stable and user friendly; The bulbs recently had a firmware update (that was super easy to do through the app) The bulbs work great. The bulb functions well; however when you change the bulb to a color it's not very bright. I always rushed home to swing by just so me and my kids didn't walk into a dark house and now I don't have to worry. these work great at our house. I highly recommended this product.
So far tv is great! Only used a few times a week. It was worth the money and it was delivered in a timely manner from date of purchase. I will update in a few months after exploring more. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
What I like best about the nest thermostat is that you can have as many time block as you want. I have mine warm up when I get out of bed then turn down when I leave for work at 4 am then back on when my wife gets up with the kids at 730 then turn down at 9am then warm back up at 3 when I get home then at 9 it turns it's self down again
I love this case
This is a great watch for kids, the chores, shows sleeping, activity, etc. the one thing I do not like is how dim the screen is and how it comes with one battery that isn't chargeable. We need to use a light to see the screen.
I love it! It's everything Alexa (Amazon Echo) wishes it could be. These will be big.
It looks, feels and sounds great. Sound Quality is outstanding with a good base.
I bought this to replace my Honeywell WiFi Thermostat, glad I did.
Update to my previous review. After a little more time with this unique little quad copter....I've found its attributes are really suited for outside flights where it's full potential can be appreciated. Thanks again to the great customer support staff with HolyStone.
good product for the price and and grand daughter says they are comfortable
This is the 2nd Bose SoundLink I have purchased. The first one purchased lasted about 6 to 9 months and then would no longer charge regardless of the many charging cables I purchased and tried. I purchased another about a month ago. Went to charge it and the charging cable they supplied does not work. Neither does the one I purchased. I love Bose speakers, the sound is grreat but I won't be purchasing another.
battery lasts for several days reception is good camera works great got it for Walmart Pay and it works well for that
Since I bought and installed the Express on my T.V., I can't any difference in quality or ease of use from the dish. Love it!
I bought this for my 9 year old daughter for Christmas for her bedroom. She loves it, very easy online transaction and fast shipping. I like the combination of VCR and DVD since we still have tons of VCR tapes as well as DVDs. Perfect gift, highly recommend, great product with the extended coverage.
I am not tech savvy but my nest cams were extremely easy to install and navigate with the app
Should've made this upgrade long ago. My new RCA flatscreen T.V. has the most wonderful color and picture on it... I now spend hours and hours watching my favorite shows and DVR recordings. If I were to write anything negative it would be the "sound quality," it sucks! But my husband found me a theater sounding speaker and now all is right with the world!!! Great price of $89.00 too. Great investment all around...
Xbox came in, giving 3 stars until given two days to see if anything works good. until then, I'll keep at 3 stars. package came in perfect.
I bought this for my son for Christmas for an extremely good price.It was better than expected knew it would be good because it's JBL but the sound really impressed us for it's size.
Worst Phone Ever! So Slow. Screen barely recognizes touch. Charging port was loose when I bought it.
Bought as a surprise for my 83 year old dad. Was delivered Saturday and I helped him set it up Sunday. There is a small square shadow top center and shadow circles radiating down. It isn't obvious in dark screens but very prominent in light settings such as skies. Taking it back.
They are really loud (which is great) and they last
My old Sony DVD I also a Sony so I knew Sony is a good product.
Sound Quality
I bought this as a Christmas gift. I will give it 5 stars because of the screen, but wouldn't give it any because of the inconvenience in having to delay use and taking it back to Sams. Very pleased with it, but recipient has to exchange as it was not compatible with US movies? Maybe the device should've gone to another country?
Purchased this item to replace a smaller screen TV. Size of this TV is perfect for my needs (Spare Bedroom). Set up was easy. Picture and sound are outstanding.
Very good vcr/dvd combo. Now I can still play my old tapes and cd also. Would buy again. Thanks.
It is no secret that for years Samsung has had the most powerful smartphones on the market, but it had always been an alternative to the iPhone. This was due to the design not making a definitive and bold statement. The s8+ marks a changing of the guard in the phone industry. Samsung has continued their dominance in terms of performance but has matched that now with unsurpassed design, catapulting the s8+ forward and establishing it as the leader, with iPhone now as an alternative. You need this phone, yesterday.
I was very pleased with these curtains because they do block out most of the light. They will be good this winter to also keep the cold out. They color and appearance is very nice for the price. They look more expensive.
This was a great price point for Apple Ear Pods and my granddaughter loved them!!
This mixer is wonderful and works great!! It's a good deal for the money!!
Honestly I wish I would've stuff just stuck with this phone it's adorable dependable even when you record sound on singing apps sounds better than my iPhone 7 Plus it's a good phone I have no complaints never do charges quickly unless a long time very nice cream pictures and everything I was impressed
The EmaticESB107 portable Bluetooth Speaker and Speakerphone it has enough volume for all devices. The SD card playback is very useful, because you don't need to always have it synchronize with any device. Great sound for a cheap price!
These are nice, heavy black out drapes, BUT . . . I would think they could find a way to package them without deep horizontal creases. The instructions say to put them in the dryer with a wet rag, then iron 'stubborn' creases on the front side of the curtains with no steam. I followed these directions and still cannot get the creases out. The curtains are folded several times horizontally first, then folded vertically. It's the horizontal creases that won't come out and look so obnoxious. If there were some vertical creases that wouldn't come out, they can hide within the vertical folds of the fabric, but horizontal creases really stand out and detract from the curtain.
Just recieved this TV and the WIFI is terrible. This is my first Samsung TV that will NOT recognize a hidden network. Even if the network revealed, the WIFI performance is spotty. It sometimes needs to be reset which means having to re-enter your network info all over again.
This Bluetooth speaker by Blackweb is the coolest looking speaker I have seen. The color changing LED lights really make this speaker stand out. The speaker changes colors as you are listening to your favorite music. It is very easy to pair to your device, as soon as you touch the power button on the speaker it immediately found my device and was able to pair with it. The sound on it is incredible. I have gone through a few Bluetooth speakers and I haven't yet found one that got loud enough, until now. The speaker has a clear sound and gets pretty loud. You can change the volume or change to the next track from the buttons on the speaker. You can also change the lighting on it keeping it steady on one color, or adjusting the speed of the color changes. The battery lasts for 6 hours and charges back up quickly. The quality of sound on this speaker is great and the color changing lights set the scene for hosting a party or just relaxing to some music.
Love that it's easy to set up and use. Live the sleep monitoring feature and the reminders options. Overall, this is a great product that's much more affordable than many other options.
I received mine for my birthday. Absolutely love it!
These are great for when you are active. They are very light yet feel very secure. The sound quality is great for such a low price. I love the new blue look.
Glad I stayed and waited on the Note 8 after the Note 7 issues. The S7 Edge can't do the Notes justice [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
Was good in the begining, but within like 3 weeks I couldn't acceded my home page where I had Pandora and Hulu, other apps. I can only watch Sling.
they are long lasting and good quality! my husband is always trying to steal them! we both love them! definitely buying more!
Excellent easy to set up.
garbage
Absolutely terrible product. Never fully worked for either of our kids, we bought them identical ones last year. The battery life does not last more than an hour. The camera is fuzzy/blurry. Problems occurred time and time again with these tablets that we decided to just do away with them. I would not recommend them for anyone. What a waste of money.
Tv's have great picture and easy setup.
This was my first Roku, and I'm sorry I waited. It's a well done product with excellent usability. Streaming quality is excellent and far surpasses multiple other options I've tried (Windows PC, Blu-Ray player). The setup is straight forward and easy to complete. Video and audio output are very good. The USB port allows me to use media I already own. The headphone output on the remote that automatically mutes the speaker output is excellent (and wireless). Setup on the Roku website encountered errors. If you don't already have an account, you'll need to go through some steps twice. There's no explanation on the site, so you'll have to figure out some backtrack steps by yourself.
I got these at a local "box" store because I wanted an inexpensive Bluetooth option for when I'm working. These are great, I can listen to Pandora, the sound is excellent and they were well worth the cost. They charge fast and hold the charge well. Would buy again - just next time in purple off the website, because it's my favorite color.
Great product but Nest secure subscription is costly with multiple camera's.
I love the way Nest helps me save energy and money! Thanks Nest!
It's everything my mother needed and wanted in a phone.
Tv fits location perfectly. Clear & bright colors to picture. Easy to adapt to my cable. Price was right, also.
Sounds great! Very long light and portable. Easy to sink with one device. Do not recommend sinking with multiple devices. Th
My old TV with a converter device finally died, so my nephew bought me an internet ready set with a Roku box. I am not able to get any local news or weather. I had Monday night programs, Tuesday night programs, etc. Now I get to watch them a day later--if I get to watch them at all. Some networks that broadcast free are now only available by subscription. This sucks! Wish he had gone to a pawn shop and bought me something sensible.
Beats pill is awesome
This was a great little gift for my husband. he has enjoyed playing with the drone and our grandson does, too!
comfortable
I would give this a zero. It was a gift to someone else and they tell me the battery runs out of juice after 15 minutes even after charging it up fully which tells the battery is after market battery. â˜¹ï¸
Having. A lot off problems with the charger.My six year old is quite upset because charger broke in the ipad. She cannot charge it. The second charger also broke
We enjoy the new tv and sound bar. Tell us how to set up one remote to use for Direct TV, the sound bar and the Amazon Fire Stick. Thanks.
I am very happy I have this HD Indoor Wi-Fi Camera to use in my house for security reasons. My favorite feature of this camera is that it has a wide view to scan the front of my living room and front door. The compact size of the camera is ideal. The 1080p camera has an exceptional screen resolution and live feed that is crystal clear. You can angle the camera with the twistable base to any desired position. I like the fact that is has a 2 way talk feature. The app for the camera you download is simple and easy to use. The camera comes with a 16G SD card, a metal plate so you can mount it from anywhere, an extra long cord and a plug-in adaptor. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
Phone arrived and looks terrible! Deep scratches and scuffs. Wasnt even clean when i opened package, was dusty and dirty! I always buy refurbished but have never had a phone look this horrible! Do not purchase from this company
Son absolutely loves this.
I bought these for my 3 year old grandson. They lasted less than 4 hours. The reason why the headband is not very sturdy, and snapped in half. The headband part is very thin. If you need something that will be strong enough for a child's first set of headphones, I do not recommend these.
Bought this speaker based off of the reviews and I'm glad I did. Great sound from a small speaker. Love it!
We bought this 3 months ago and it took us several hours to hook up. The features look wicked cool , but it doesn't take the place of our cable remote which is disappointing. We were also unable to use our speakers, and no one at the store was able to help us.
This product is perfect for persons wanting to carry a tablet with them . It can fit in your purse . Clarity is good as well as 16 hrs of battery time.
I read the description and it never mentioned the scratches on the back. Looks like someone tried to scratch the numbers off. There are scratches on the face and sides. Battery life isnt good. Ive had this watch a week and I am returning it.
These earbuds produce good bass! The design fits and stays comfortably in your ear. The recharge case protects the ear buds well andvstores usb charge cord. Like most products if today a wall to usb charger is not provided. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
I bought this over the summer. I LOVED the complete wireless aspect. During calls, it sounded decent. But listening to music, it sounded like I was listening through a paper towel tube. I was surprised, being a Samsung product. Didn't know how to go to "ambient mode". Maybe it was always on ambient mode due to poor sound quality, listening to Amazon music from my Samsung Galaxy phone. Was disappointed, I returned it.
I didn't know it was just one side, it never came on even after i charged it and followed all directions. No accurate description of the item at all Terrible, would not recommend.
I love mine, it is easy to set up and and easy to use. Set it and forget it.
Love product
Thanks again for the prompt delivery via email
So far this product is excellent. The only reason I didn't give it five stars is the cable is only 60 feet, it should be at least 100 feet.I live in a small house and the cables were not long enough to put the cameras exactly where I wanted them.The quality of the picture is excellent clear as possibly could be. The night vision is also good probably pretty close to hundred feet as advertised. Very easy to set up . Just plug it in to your monitor and it basically It sets up itself. I don't know about the app for your cell phone as I have not program to a phone. I don't have any room on my router for another plug-in.
I got my headphones and the wouldn't turn on wouldn't charge or nothing I'm returning for a refund
Powerful little speaker!
When I bought these as a Christmas gift, the description stated there was a charging box....well, they come in a cardboard box, but not charging case, just the usb charging cord with two connectors at end of cables that go into ear pod. I ordered others that come with the charging case and logged in to initiate a return of these. I'm out $25, not eligible for a return less than a month after purchase. I see the item title now states without charging case, but that doesn't help me get my $ back now ;( I contacted the seller about this last month and never heard any reply or suggestion for what to due due to the poor item description regarding case....details still conflict with title, I see.
Nice addition to my Fitbit. All features work and view is not inhibited. Only problem I have noticed is if you get Fitbit wet you will have to remove case and dry out.
With 128 gig's this looked and worked really nice. I am very satisfied even though I bought it for a friend and gave it away.
very nice phone like new. It looks like it was never used, but battery in only at 82%.
Nice looking, good quality, fits perfectly.
There is a small crack on the home button. I know it's a refurbished phone but you would expect it wouldn't have a crack.
recent purchase, very happy with everything, so far, so good.
Small unobtrusive camera. Set up and use is extremely easy. Download the EZVIZ App, create an account, plug in the camera, choose add an item, choose scan, scan the barcode, connect the camera to your network and you are set. Good color and clear picture. Image is a bit grainy on full zoom. Night video is black and white but clear. Two way audio works well. You can set it to notify when it detects movement. It provides a short video clip. It dosen't have internal storage but you can install an SD card. SD cards are relatively inexpensive so it's not a big deal. It would be perfect to monitor small children's activities, as a baby monitor or monitor anyone or anything. I've been using it as a security camera to monitor front door activity. The base is magnetic and strong enough to attach to any secure metal object. It comes with a metal plate that you can attach to non metallic surfaces so you can virtually mount it anywhere. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
I bought these today, and they are high quality for sure! I listened to music with these on my way home and they still had battery after 3 hours of listening out of the box. Would definitely recommend. High sound quality and deep bass. Happy Client
My DVD player is brand new. It has stopped in the middle of each of 3 disks I have tried to watch. Worthless!
This is a great little unit of getting all of the Christian stations that I watch.
I got it for Christmas it has worked fine I wear it every day
Worked 2 days! Then No Network Found! Buyer Beware!
Its crazy how high resolution this TV is, thr colours pop right at you!
Really boosted the WiFi. Before buying, laptops in the kitchen would only operate ~ 20% of rating for our modem/router (located in the basement). After installation - which was remarkably easy - speed increased to ~ 80%.
Turned off sound alerts and turned motion to low and still get an alert everytime a loud car or truck drives by.no motion just sound litterally have dozens of alerts per hour and nothing at all on video. Im on hokd with customer support since the email i sent 3 days ago was not returned. 20 minutes on hold and still no answer... Waste of time and money
This device has a good charge life and good base and the battery last a long time.
Great video doorbell. Only complaint is that it would be nice to have nest aware be provided with the product. Other than that the doorbell works seemlessly with the app and had been an excellent addition to our home.
I have one with my tablet and i got another one for my grandson he love to use it lS very handy and easy to tupé i Will recomend
I like the apple iPad
I bought two of these. One for my PC and the other for my guitar amp. They are more comfortable than the Sony headphones that I was using, and the sound is at least as good. I don't know how these would sound on a really high fidelity sound source, but for my purposes they are more than adequate.
Generally good convertible tablet / laptop. It has a difficult time switching from tablet to laptop mode or back again. Often needing 1-2 restarts when the keyboard is added, or the tablet is seated on the keyboard. - Also has only 1 USB port, you can't use a mouse and a flash drive at the same time, or more than one peripheral, as I use a set of loud speakers with stereo, etc.
It syncs up with no issues, you can move from. Room to room and just plug it in and it works. We went across country and was able to keep an eye on an elderly parent... [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
I use these bowls for cereal, ice cream, beating eggs, etc. They are just the right size for all of these things. they are pretty too!
We live on the second floor of our house over the garage and I can unlock the door for friends or repairmen when they ring the doorbell. I have also given my family members their own unique code so they can open the door when they arrive and then lock it behind them when they are leaving so I don't have to go downstairs to lock the door behind them. I absolutely love this lock! [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
My daughter bought it as a surprise Now I cannot stop watching!
Worked good for about 1 week then one of them quit. also, they atre very uncomfortable to use.
Got this for Christmas. Was very excited about it. Instructions said I needed to calibrate gyroscope and GPS. Followed the instructions, but the drone did NOT calibrate. Called the number on the instructions, ended up with a telemarketing firm trying to sell me satellite TV. Read through the owner's manual, found another number, called it, tried to get help. That guy just read what was on the card in front of me. Then he said he would email me videos. Hours later, he emailed the wrong videos. I searched the web, found the right videos. They were no help. They didn't tell me how to troubleshoot. Found the company online (Vivitar was bought out by some other company) and emailed them. They sent new instructions, same videos. Had a tech guy help me. After several hours of trying, he finally got the drone to calibrate. Then we were supposed to connect to the drone on my phone via wifi. The wifi would only appear 1 out 4 tries. Then 1 out of 2 tries, it wouldn't give the phone an ip address. When we finally got the phone to connect via wifi, the app said the device was NOT connected. I emailed customer service twice complete with screenshots from my phone. Gave them several days. They did not respond. Thankfully, Walmart said they would allow me to return it, although now, a day later, they still haven't sent me the return label and instructions via the email address I spelled out three times for the rep. I suggest buying a drone from a US company with a history of great customer service--certainly not Vivitar.
Bought this for my son who had his bose box stolen at the beach last summer. About a third the size of the old one but sound is still good, I liked it better then the current larger model, not quite as good as the old one but less pricey in case of theft. It looks red on the box but is really more orange. Fine for him in the end.
I love everything about this cam! I especially love the price! Easy to setup. Easy to monitor. Lots of functionality for this bad boy!
My kids got this for Christmas and so far it's been amazing
I loved everything about the process of buying this item! It was originally a gift
This system really works well. The ease of use once setup is excellent. Battery life also seems good. Installation is a 5 minute snap. The bad, which aren't deal breakers alone, but together should make you at least explore your options: Connecting to a network (initial setup) is very confusing as the Included instructions (2 sets) were different from each other. Very complicated where their other products are quite simple. The use of non-rechargable batteries irks me as you will have to find these odd batteries once these wear out and throw these in the trash (not even remotely eco friendly). The base unit is giant and unsightly. If you plug it into a standard 2 outlet wall socket, it blocks one of the outlets. It also has a bright light that you can turn off, but randomly turns back on. I can cover it with tape, but why doesn't it stay off if that's an option? If you're tech savvy, this should be an ok buy for the $. If those shortcomings bother you, you might do a little comparison shopping to see if something else better fits your situation. It works but has a handful of annoyances. Pretty close, Ezviz. Maybe V2 will address these issues and you'll have a "must buy" on your hands! [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
I shopped about 3 months before deciding which tv to purchase. I looked at all the major suppliers and feature sets. This tv for the price size and feature set is amazing. If you don't have to have OLED and want a size that is unbelievable without losing much else, and would like to save a few thousand this is the one for you.
My son wanted this tablet because he draws. Its perfect! It came with the keyboard(which we did not expect) and the pen. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because it arrived without a box, which could only mean it's used. We thought we were ordering a new,in the box, item.
WedOS need I say more? If not for that, easily a 5/5 tv. However when your tv's OS, the heart of the tv, is almost unusable with little to NO content on it. Dont even waste your time. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
Junk, lasted about a week. I am disappointed that Walmart would even offer junk like this.
Should have bought this long ago. It's better than expected
BETTER THAN EXPECTED..GREAT VOLUME OF SOUND.. TALKING BOOK READER AND SURE BEAYS EAR BUDS !!!
Purchased for my granddaughter, so far she is very pleased!
It was fast service and very efficient and the product was exactly what I ordered delivered on time Great app
This is a LED Great Value 100W bulb equivalent to daylight and shatter resistant. I didn't know just how dark and dim my bathroom and kitchen were until I installed these bulbs. LED lighting is a lot different then conventional lighting, a lot clearer and brighter. I know that my electric bill will show a savings. Features: great price, economical, long lasting, stays cool to touch. Highly recommend these light bulbs.
These headphones are incredible for the ridiculously low price point. I expected them to fall flat but they sound great, feel super comfortable in your ear and are extremely convenient to carry. Thanks Panasonic for making some awesome low price ear buds!
its the best thing for alots of Fre channels that uses the internet.
I picked mine up from the store. Love it! Great buy!!
I am very satisfied with my laptop, I have a desk top but I wanted one when in other rooms. I am very satisfied with this RCA Galileo especially because of the reasonable PRICE!
We ordered this bookcase to go in our 4 year old daughter's room. I viewed several on many websites before deciding to purchase this one through Walmart online. I liked how it had several shelves as well as a bottom compartment for a few toys/stuffed animals. Because of the fact that on other websites, I read reviews on this bookshelf where people complained of damage to shelf; we opted for the store pick up option, thinking it would be handled more carefully. We waited a week for it to arrive and once we picked it up (which turned into a bit of a hassel) we open the box to still find damage in 3 different places. We proceeded to put it together being as how it's going in our preschoolers's room..I don't expect it to remain perfect. It's just disappointing when you spend the money on something and wait for it to arrive only to see that it's already messed up. Overall, it's good bookcase and she loves it. It looks good in her room and despite her large amount of books, knik-knaks, she stil has space for things on the very large shelves. I highly recommend anchoring it to the wall because it's very light weight despite its size. It was fairly easy to assemble, not even an hours' worth of time. Just be prepared to see some damage.
I have weird shaped ear canals and earbuds never fit comfortably, nor did they stay in during even small activities. These actually stay put a little, and once you start to sweat they really stay. Gross but true. I got them for a friend and she ran a marathon with them in. She said raved about them afterwards. They don't really go over my ears that well, but they get the job done.
It does not come with a very hard to find batteries
So far so good. My ONN 4K UHD of 50 inches is great. the picture is good enough. obviously if you compare with other models and brands you'll find out a difference. but for 218 dollars is a great choice. Roku features are the same as all rokus. And most importantly once you register your tv online will receive a 2 year warranty which speaks about the confident that has the company with its product. I'll let you know if something happens. For now I'm happy and definitely I'll recommend this 50 inches TV
I bought this about 2 months ago and love it!, perfect for the two of us with enough for lunch the next day !i call it my little mighty mite and hubby smiles! [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
Change in review!!! Original will remain below. I purchased these and was originally disappointed in the Bluetooth capability. The company contacted me directly through email and allowed me to return these and get another pair as they claimed the first ones must have been defective. Defective is right! The new pair are excellent! The sound quality is great, the Bluetooth is strong and vibrant and the noise cancelling works great. I couldn't be more satisfied with the replacement pair! I've used them for 5-6 hours now without a single complaint. Thanks Cowin for a great product and excellent customer service!!! (Original review) While the sound quality and noise cancelling were acceptable, the Bluetooth strength was terrible. I purchased these specifically to use while I mowed. With my phone in my pants pocket or even in my front hoodie pocket the Bluetooth would cut out and scramble if I turned my head to back up or even just look side to side. This was extremely frustrating as the literature stated that it should be within 10 meters of the feed device. 10 meters????? It was less than 3 feet away and wouldn't even maintain a clean feed. I tried with an Android as well as an iPhone. Neither were any better than the other.. submitted for a return. I would be willing to give a different set a shot but wouldn't be surprised if they turned out to have the same results...
Owned this phone since 1/15/20 the best decision I made. Great price. Great Battery life. Camera is 25mp better than the Note 10 and iPhone 11 which only has 12mp. I will keep this phone for a while. This makes the 3rd Samsung Galaxy Phone I've owned Never Had Issues with Samsung Phones. Next phone upgrade will be A70 or A71
I purchased it as a replacement for my son other tablet ..it was unable to download video and it was broken within a month...not kid friendly
These wireless earbuds come in a small black charging case, so they are handy to take with you anywhere. I tend to lose earbuds but because I store them in the case, that has not been an issue. They are very comfortable, pair easily with my devices and the sound quality is great. The LED lights show exactly how much of a charge they have and is easy to read. They are also ery attractive. My granddaughter uses them every time she is here and loves them too.
I love the design of this phone and the big screen is beautiful if you get this phone you will love it as much as I do
Did charger test before determining the ipad does not fully charge. It takes all night to get at minimum an 80% charge. Regret the purchase
love it! great having it sent to local Walmart. very easy to pick it up.
The product looks good, works great, and was easy to install.
I bought my Forerunner 35 recently to replace a very old Garmin. I love the sleak style and the fact that it finds the satelittes fast and is ready to run.
Got for storing yarn in,is OK so far. You definitely want latching handles for stuffing with yarn!
These clip on earphones are real comfortable and easy to wear , you can't beat the price.
We have been hesitant of buying the unit unsure if the picture would be as great at home as in showroom. So glad we purchased now that we have hooked up it is fantastic. Thank You!1
Very creative with solar sound and has a soundbite for the wave of the future.
Wonderful price and looks and works just like new. Great tool to help my son with his school work.
Bought TV few weeks ago. Expected color to be alittle better than Samsung we had. Although good color & good TV so far. But just been a few weeks.
I can see who's calling or texting me before I look at my phone
My daughter is 2 yrs old and loves this dvd player and I love that the screen turns so that it keeps her from pressing the buttons and messing up the movie while it plays. Good buy so far.
love this had one of the older ones but i love this one the keybord is the right size and the screen is great would buy a nother one i a heart beat
One was in with the i-pad and really didn't need, new to computers and am 74 years in age trusted wal- mart but ad is misleading
I got one for Christmas and it is very impressive for it's size. I especially wanted it because it is waterproof. I plan to take camping and kayaking this summer. Here is another use for it, the shower!. I have been using in the shower and it works great,. can't wait to take call in the shower.
If you're in the market for a smart assistant with a display, but can't spend $200+, this is a great option. Having an extra inch over the Google Home Hub actually does make a pretty big difference and it's not as bulky as the 10 inch version. The speakers are solid and the performance is as expected (which is great). This is a great addition to any kitchen and makes for a great morning device to keep you on top of the news and weather. I received this product as part of a giveaway.
I bought this for my 10 year old granddaughter for her birthday. it worked ok but it was very slow and froze up a lot. After about 2 weeks it would not change. I wish I had spent a little more money and bought her something else. I tried to take it back so she could get something else and they would'nt take it back. So we are stuck with a tablet that doesn't work. She was very disappointed. Do not waste your money.
I have purchased and used all samsung phone including s7 edge, s8+, s9+, note 9, and lastly s10+. I was quite happy to buy s8+ and s9+. Note 9 was alright because it did not feel any different from s9+. However my s10+ felt like a total garbage to note 9, idk why but it keeps having a problem (broken music, like it couldnt hold the connection) streaming to my sony 1000xm3, which seems to be validated by the galaxy buds that came with it that also have similar broken connection problem even after using the latest of updates. Using the same settings, my note 9 or s9+ never had any kind of problem streaming ldac optimized audio quality to my headphones. S10+ on screen fingerprint scanner is also too problematic because it failed too often. I tried to minimize this by using smart unlock, with connected devices, or location, but it ended up pocket calling random people, posting on social media, etc because it recognize the swipes and gestures while being in my pocket. Samsung failed me hard on this one.
absolutely loved this phone unfortunately I dropped it and didnt have a protector on it but I'm going back today to buy another one cause it was certainly worth it I went from the Phoenix 3 to this one and I fell in love instantly!! cant wait to get a new one today!! it was like $49 when I first bought it so I'm glad the pricing went down!!!
I bought it a week ago and love it and watch shows every day
I purchased this phone as a replacement to an iPhone 6s. After 7+ years of iOS I returned to Android. The transition has not been bad. I did have issues with the phone initially but it was user caused. I found out, do not use an interface case that is USB-C capable. It caused the phone to not function as planned and caused me to re-start it a number of times. Took some time to figure this out, but since that time all is going great. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
For some headphones costing under $20, not bad. The mic is decent and sound quality is pretty good, it's not exceptionally good like some of the headphones you find over the $100 mark but it will get the job done. It would be five stars only if the ear cups were more comfortable and more suited to fit the human ear. Putting it on makes me remember that these headphones costed me $11 but if it was more comfortable then I would be a easy 5 stars. But keep in my that I didn't have high expectations for these pair of headphones don't expect to be mind blown when you get these. I would get these only if you in a emergency of just really want to save money.
I have owned these for a few months now and I am very pleased. JBL sound is where it's at and I purposely got these ones because you have the option to use the chord when they die and you can't do Bluetooth. They are kind of small but I have a small head so it works. They are very light and fit snug for running. The only thing I am weary of is that the ear pieces seem like they might not be as durable as they could be. I use these a lot so I will just have to see how they hold up
If there was an option to rate this a zero, I would've. The sound is decent but the battery life is terrible. It says 8 hours of battery life but is really only an hour max. Even while on the charger, it dies. The frequency brakes up. It says 85 foot range, however, once your like 5 feet away it will disconnect. I highly recommend NOT buying this speaker.
Used this for many years. Always catch fish. Good quality
I just use them in bed for TV. My wife snores and I actually love them. The fit is good and they are very comfortable.
Bought a pair of these for my kids. While they aren't rocket fast they do all of the functions in a reasonable amount of time considering the price. My kids love them, and since they are happy, I am happy.
Life saver! Bought it for a long trip for my kids and it worked like a charm keeping my kids entertained on a 10+ hour drive!
Not as great as I was expecting. Paid more to get 4K and the picture still seems grainy and the color is terrible. Everyone is orange. It sounds like the speakers are coffee cans.
This is by far the best television I have ever owned. We mounted it in our bedroom and it seems like we are at the movie theater. It was very easy to mount. The color is crisp and natural and looks amazing from any angle. We did not even have to fine-tune the color. It was perfect right out of the box. The sound is amazing also. We added surroundsound speakers to it. The remote control has a magic remote. It is very user-friendly. It is easy to switch between inputs and they come up very quick. I am still learning about this TV. It will be fun getting familiar with it. After using the TV for a couple of weeks, the magic remote control that comes with it is so easy to use and really smart. It controls all of my devices. Love it. I received this product at a discounted price in exchange for my honest opinion. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
I've had it for a couple days now and I'm pretty satisfied with it. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
Love the feel & sound of these headphones but the battery life sucks. I started to listen to music with them plugged into the charger other wise they only last abt an hour.
They are comfortable and the sound is good - I listen to music on my laptop.
Have had several Rokus & have settled for the Roku two on one TV & just a roku on the second TV. Both work well.
I have really enjoyed the S7 so far, love the Samsung Milk Music
Kinda slow
For the price this is a really good speaker. It connected to my phone easily and has a pretty good sound. My daughter and I have really been enjoying using it outside.
Setting up is easy, color is perfect, size is just right! Have a larger Sceptre t.v. which I was very satisfied with, another good investment, so who wouldn't opt for another having had such good feedback with the other.
It is so fun to play with. My daughter hates Alexa but loves google with this smart clock. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
For the most part I'm happy with this TV. It has a great quality picture and good sound. It is pretty user friendly as well. However, had I known these 2 things that I have an issue with, I probably would have been willing to spend the extra $ for a samsung. (Even my cheap TCL tv from a few years ago has these functions) 1. It seems to not easily have the capability of me casting my phone screen to the tv. There is a "casting" app that tells you to use your phone's browser to connect with.. But the app doesn't cast the sound to the TV nor does it allow the screen to rotate like it does on your phone. 2. It seems to disconnect from the internet more often than i feel is reasonable and I don't have this problem with any other device in my house so I'm left to believe it is the TV that is doing it. Sometimes it wont reconnect either unless I turn the TV off and back on again.
We needed an iPad for a touch screen check-in system for our church. There was no need to purchase a new device. This one is in very good shape and runs perfectly fine. It was a good purchase for us. We are considering purchasing another one soon. For single use applications, the refurbished iPad is economical and efficient. If it gets broken, because it is used for Children's ministry, we have minimized our loss.
Almost can't really review this item; one basically knows what it is or doesn't. And a full description is beyond the scope of a review. After two generations (currently, the iPhone 7/7 Plus are the latest and greatest iPhones from Apple), the iPhone 6 is still one of the most desirable smartphones in the world. It's certainly not as fast as the 6s/6s Plus, to say nothing of the latest 7 series, but otherwise this phone is very much like a 2-year-newer phone. The phone as a whole has reached a point where Apple must resort to just going back to the basics (simply increasing core specs) in order to improve upon this watershed smartphone. It really is, as Apple has said, a whole new breed (paraphrasing) of iPhone as of this generation. Samsung has stepped up to the plate also - I think they sort of had to - with their Galaxy S6 and later smartphones. It's really a matter of personal preference as to which side of the smartphone fence one will like better, I believe. The only complaints are that Apple should have - even before this generation and certainly by the introduction of the iPhone 6 - upped the RAM from 1 GB to at least 2 GB; also, the core clock speed could and should be better (although real-world benchmark tests have shown the iPhone is faster and berries better than one would think based on its tech specs, due to much lower software overhead relative to Android in general). Also, the storage needs to be better by this generation, if not before. 16 GB base storage is not really enough for a smartphone of this caliber, and should have been eliminated before the phone went public. (These issues and others have since been addressed in later generations, but too late, in my opinion.) But overall it is just a killer phone, especially at 64 GB storage, as I bought this one with.
Want to access an app? Ez. Just tap on the app then go brew yourself a cup of coffee & I don't mean just push brew button - turn your K on then brew..& by then app should be up. And then you'll b lucky 2 have 5 maybe up 2 10 mins b4 crashing. This Rebel 2 is just so horrible its unbelievable.
I Love my straight talk phone and minutes.. Thanks
This product is awesome. The sound quality is great! It really is stereo quality and the volume is great. The only problem I have is the size of them. They are frigging huge! There are no hiding these. They are so big that I've only been wearing one.
good price for the tv
Strong handles, easy to open, and definitely keeps cold longer than your every day cooler. Stainless hinges this marine unit promises longevity. No need to spend outrageous money for a multi day cooler!
I only took it out to see if it played. I bought it for a gift so I haven't checked anything else ( headphones). But everything seems find.
I absolutely love these head phones! It is sooo much easier to navigate through my music or talk to Siri while I am riding my bike. I really don't think that I can go back to regular head phones now that I have been so spoiled. \(*-*)/
I'm so pleased with my new earbuds! Always fun to get a new electronic gadget!
JUST GOT THIS PHONE HAD THE MOTO G6 COUPLE OF THEM ALL CAUSE ME TROUBLE I ONLY USE PHONE FOR CALLS AND TEXT NO APPS I WENT AND DISABLE APP I DIDN'T WANT OR USE STILL GOT ABOUT 8.30 MEMORY LEFT SO IT FINE WITH ME SO I LIKE THE LG STYLO 4 WITH THE BIG SCREEN
We bought this for my daughter for her school. It is a beyond reasonable price for such a great product.,
I needed to replace my Magnavox DVD Recorder/VCR, Mod. # ZV427MG9, but was informed that Magnavox had been sold to Funai. The player looks like the Magnavox I've learned to love thanks to its ease of use and quality. The outside of the Funai is very deceptive as they replaced the workings of Magnavox with an inferior product. It not only does not work with the full range of DVD discs, but does not let you key your recordings to a specific spot in your recording. Nor does it lend itself to being a quality product. The only saving grace this machine has is, it operates with the Magnavox Controls and you can set it to record in 5 different modes. I would not recommend this product to anyone.
The phone does not work with Metro Pcs.
I have my vivoactive 3 for 2 weeks. I owned a HR first. The vivoactive 3 is great. Easy to set up, tracks well. I love the activities listed and will use it when I swim. Really like this watch.
Began using the Roku 3 about 3 weeks ago, 12DEC2015. Perfect product. Easy setup, fast user interface, really like the ear phone connection on the remote.
Excellent system of mobile phone. Fast delivery.
I BOUGHT THE DEFENDER PHOENIXM22 JAN./2018 AND I AM VERY HAPPY WITH IT BECAUSE I WANTED A SYSTEM TO WATCH MY CAR AND THE FRONT DOOR .I LOVE IT AND I AM GOING TO BUY A THIRD CAMERA FOR THE FRONT YARD I GOT PROBLEM WITH THE SECOND CAMERA I CALLED THE CUSTOMER SERVICE FOR HELP THEY ARE EXCELLENT FOR HELPING ME TO BE FIXED EVEN AFTER WARRANTEE EXPIRED . THANK YOU DANIELA AND SUZANNE .
Disappointed. The only way to hook up to the tv and it did not supply an HDMI cable!
Way Much Better than 2.0. I really really impressed with a quality of the music. Almost instant syncing/re syncing with apple family devices. I don't really what else to say than just wow.
It has been a great machine so far. I like how I don't have to point at a device with the remote. Speedy addition to roku. Use for a lot of Plex viewing.
This is my first pair of wireless earbuds and works really good. I was impressed by the sound quality and how comfortable the fit is. The price is affordable and the quality of the product is decent enough. Recommended. They're good for both workout and running!
My daughter loves this game! Now, does anyone knows how to get her off it?
tery life is too short, It can't even last one day.
Will not work after update
I bought this as a gift and am very pleased with the quality.
The ring itself is beautiful it fit well however the diamonds in the ring are very low quality they're SUPER foggy. They almost look like pearls which is not the look I was going for. Very disappointed in this ring and will return ASAP!
This are the best bulbs I ever owned. They are very bright and effective. I am so satisfied with this product and will recommend these to everyone I know that is looking for good light. And will continue to purchase these. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
sleep does not work walk is way off weather does not work wright.
Worth the purchase
The camera works great, easy to set-up and easy to use the app. Many features on the app. I have two cameras watching backyard, 100' distance. I would recommend to anyone.
Great option for a replacement to a broken device. My son dropped his phone and needed to replace it. This was the phone be bought with his lawn mowing money to replace the iPhone 8 he was given as a gift. He likes that it was within his budget, works with his headphones, and is similar to his iPhone8. It's very difficult to tell that it was previously owned. Overall, it's a great option for someone looking for their first iPhone, someone on a budget, or someone looking to replace a device. The iPhone 7 will most likely be supported with updates for the next 2+ years, so it has a decent service life as well.
It was actually a present for my Dad on his birthday... He said it's perfect for his den. So he's very pleased.
Easy to set up and operate. The self contained monitor is crisp and clear. Playback is also very crisp. This unit has a lot of features so keep the manual close by. Very happy with this purchase. I have had it up and operating for 9 days now.
Bought this speaker for my home gym and backyard. It's great so far and blows my Beats Pill out of the water.
The hinges are very strong, Bluetooth is always disconnecting and the overall design is very ugly, could be better looking :-(
The tablet is advertised as having 6 hours of life. I just received my sons tablet, brand new, full battery and only holds charge for 40 mins. Highly disappointed. Also even with zero apps downloaded it’s very slow..
Great gift for my teenage grandson. Supper price and delivery.
I thought I would be delighted moving from a 4 year old FB Blaze watch to the Venu, but after a week, I have very mixed feelings about the Venu. I bought the grey case/band with the silver highlight. The grey is more of a bluish grey and you can't find bands that look good with it to dress it up. I wished I had gotten the black version. I wanted to love this watch/tracker but it leaves me feeling like it isn't a finished product. Pros: the round face vs my old tracker's square face is great! The display is beautiful! The smartphone notifications work perfectly (unlike the random failures of FB). The battery life is good, not excellent; I'm getting about 3-4 days with O2 saturation all day and lots of notifications). A half hour walk with GPS enabled uses roughly another 5-10% battery which is decent. Step counting seems accurate enough. The variety of add-on apps, widgets, and watch faces is excellent. The ease of FaceIt to make your own watch background is awesome! Syncing always works the first time (unlike that other brand that often required 4 or 5 attempts). Heart rate tracking appears to be very accurate. Cons: Most of the cons seem software related, which is a disappointment since I have owned so many Garmin outdoor and navigation devices over the years. Gesture mode (lifting the watch to turn on the display) works marginally at best (it often doesn't work at all and requires a button press or takes 2-3 seconds to work). The o2 saturation sensor is inaccurate and typically reads 5-6% lower than actual regardless of how the watch is worn (yes, I have medical grade to o2 sats at home that I have tested it against). The sleep tracking is not very accurate (wake up look at the clock and it doesn't register that as awake time after syncing the next morning; it registers maybe a 1/10 of the my wake ups). Staircase tracking is inaccurate; walk up 4 flights of stairs without stopping and it will register either 2 or 3 flights. Stress tracker reading seems made up completely. The body battery function seems to have no real sense for what its doing (half the time I wake up after a good night's sleep and it reads 25% body battery). The weather widget randomly doesn't display accurate weather, says it has no hourly forecast available and requires countless syncs to update.
like it very much because you can put around your ears so they don't fall out. I would totally buy again.
I bought item day 1. The look and fill is great . But the fitness tracking is not good at all! And it a shame !! Heart rate is horrible
a very good product with ease of installation and getting the system up and running in no time. I havent seen the night vision yet because it didn't come with a hard drive but otherwise it's a good system.
Phone did not work, BuySpry refuses to send ma return instructions
The strap could have been wider and thicker and the case has a strong smell.
I am very pleased with the stools, they are just what I wanted and very comfortable, right size and good looking.
My wife needed a longer cord to charge her iphone at night, so I bought her this one, since it was suppose to be genuine Apple. It was only used at night and never left the room. It was always plugged into the Monster surge protector that she has next to her side. Easy to get an additional plug in and protects her items. Not real happy with this cord and sure it would not have lasted this long, if it was taken everywhere, work etc... I'm not really sure if this item is truly an Apple product. I do not recommend this item!!!
This is a great phone. I would have guessed I would have to pay a lot more money for the features I received
Good picture but the sound muffled a few times about 1 month later but hasn't happened again. GOOD, cuz I couldn't find my receipt
The set up process is way over my head still have yet to even use it
It's a great phone. Easy to use. Style. Design. Fun. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
Initially, I ordered a case from Amazon.com and returned it because it didn't fit our iPad. HDE's product was a perfect fit! So happy with my purchase.
worst things I've ever got its scratched really bad all across the screen do not order terrible about to refund this right now!
I bought these headphones to replace my LG's that wouldn't stay powered on. I love the secure feel especially as I'm jogging the hooks keep them securely in place. Then the soft ear pads are comfortable for a long workout without discomfort. The earphones are sweat resistance, but you can't submerge them under water. I would definitely compare them to my LG and Bose. For the price you can't beat it! I only wish that they had the capability to skip songs not just pause. Overall great purchase!
airtime for phone. delivered by email very quickly.
I tried to buy lots of earphones from ebay, third parties but i have to recommend the items I bought from Walmart is only genuine with serial number on the phone wire. The bass is really warm and so good as Orginal old earphones of my iphone 6s. Thumbs up for walmart!
LISTEN I HAVE ALOT OF BLUETOOTH SPEAKERS, LIKE 10 OR 11 ALL SIZES! BUT I HAVE TO SAY THIS IS NOW ONE OF MY ABSOLUTE FAVORITES. FOR ME TO TELL YOU HOW THIS THIS THING SOUNDS WOULD NOT DO IT JUSTICE. YOU WILL HAVE TO GET ONE FOR YOURSELF, YOU WONT BE DISAPPOINTED..I HAVE TO SAY GREAT JOB JLAB ON THIS CRASHER MICRO. IGOT MINE AT WALMART FOR A GREAT PRICE, AND WILL BUY ANOTHER ONE . THANKS FOR A GREAT PRDUCT
This is by far the worst tv we've ever purchased! After one week it would not turn on. My daughter's DVD is now trapped in it and I can not locate my receipt to take it back.
For an amazing price this tv has outstanding HDR and 4k picture quality. Great buy!!!
This tv is great the LED has bright colors and you can see every hair on the person. Live the fact that it's a smart tv so you can use your Roku account or just download apps and watch tv. You can also use you smart phone to view phones or movies on your TV. The back of the TV is flat so no bulk here and it's very light weight. I received this item for free but my review on it was my own and true.
HAD THIS CAMERA UP FOR 6 DAYS ON THE DRIVE WHERE ALL THE COMPANY TRUCKS ARE PARKED. ITS A GREAT CAMERA BUT WAY TO SENSITIVE KEEP GOING OFF AT NITE WHEN A BUG JUST FLEW BY HAD ABOUT 80 NOTIFICATIONS AND IT WAS ALL JUST FLYING BUGS GOING BY
I bought it for my Daughter “She Loves It”
I love my new smart watch it cool thanks for the product
After looking into the Series 3 and 4. I decided to go with the 4. Not much difference I guess but I like the 44mm and the 3 doesn't carry that. The style of the band I chose is great if u work out. Another thing that was impressive was the delivery time from Sams. I bought online bc there was a $30 off offer. Bought on Saturday. It said it would be delivered to me by Wed. And to my surprise. It came in on Monday.
No wonder Walmart sold it for $25 on sale. It's a worthless camera. The alerts saved have lag, so the whatever triggered the alert, is already out of frame. When you receive an alert and open app to view it, recoding is not there. It appears after 5-10 minutes, so basically not of any use. Customer support sent me preformatted email about how to connect to WiFi network when I emailed them my issues. No reply to follow up email. A total piece of junk, not worth it even if you get it free.
As a person who is really picky when it comes to sound and quality, I'd definitely recommend these.The main thing I was looking for was that the sound was clear, even, and HAD NO STATIC whatsoever. My ears are extremely sensitive and begins to hurt if there is another sort of sound deficiencies. But these are pretty good and it's been a month and half and it's still going good. The price for what you're paying isn't that bad either when you consider the more expensive brand name stuff sucks like crap. But that's my two cents.
Came balled in a bag so it's horribly wrinkled probably tried on and sent back and the color of the picture most certainly isn't the color of the dress we got
I've only had them a week or 2 but so far so good. Only thing I don't like is the buttons get in the way. other than that good to go
My apple watch came fast and is absolutely PERFECT!!
This is the first time that I have ever had anything like this. Easy to use at home and when I am away. Can control by cell phone as easy as if I was standing in front of it.
I bought this TV to replace a non-functioning one in our master bath. I received the TV in a timely fashion, spent several hours unpacking and assembling it, but could only receive one analog channel. I called Sceptre Customer Service where the rep quickly explained that this TV would only work if hooked up to a cable box - it would not work hooked up to cable out of the wall. Of the four functioning TVs in our house only one was hooked up to a cable box. I seriously questioned the rep on this and he was quite certain this TV would not work hooked up to cable without a cable box. I told him there was nothing in the online specs or reviews that indicated this limitation, but he said this had something to do with QAM capability, which I had never heard of. I disassembled, repacked the TV, and returned the TV the same day to Walmart.
Handles do not tighten and wobble. Need either washers or longer screws or something else.
These are the best earbuds ever! I have bought many different kinds for my daughter, character specific, cheat ones, expensive ones, but these are the best and last the longest. The color variety is also great.
Beautiful Ipad cover! It looks as it is from an expensive brand! It can have a little imporovements like making it able to stand better but it stands ok not bad...
I love these cameras. Easy to install, great images
I just love it!!! I'm so glad I buy it is easy and fun!!
I am very impressed with this tablet and really like the larger screen. Tablet is working just fine from the time I opened the box. I highly recommend this tablet to anyone!
Not working as a gaming headset and the bluetooth switch between headphone and headset and doesnt deliver the a good sound from surrounding like footstep in the game.
I was excited to be in the first round of new S8+ users and was delightfully surprised at all the customization and features. I previously had a S6, so this was a decent upgrade with some features that exist within the S7 that I did not get to experience. This phone is TRULY a smart phone! It has great predictability features in addition to so many things that make daily tasks so much easier, such as the edge feature. For me the fingerprint scanner is in a perfect and natural position and I love that I can unlock my phone in an instant using it. My favorite of all my Samsung phone and the S8 is no exception is the camera. I am looking forward to getting a lot of use out of the upgrades and so far the results are nothing less than stunning!
Samsun is the best on tv, thanks for hark work, siempre estaré pendiente en los nuevos modeles i recommended you guys [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
TV was easy to set up. Quality of picture is only fair.
Highly recommend these, I was looking for available/high quality earbuds and I've found them here
Tablet is big but the screen has a poor resolution. I have noticed quite a bit of lag when I type with the detachable keyboard. Just got it last week but overall i do like it so far. I just wanted a tablet that I could use to surf the internet,type documents etc. This does get the job done. I like the fact that you can charge this tablet via dc charger or micro usb which is more convenient.
This watch lasted two days before the screen went out and I couldn't use it at all
Customer was good, and the product so far it comfortable land easy to install.
A great product that provide great sound throughout the house.
I originally had stated that I would purchase again and gave it 4 stars mainly because I had upgraded from the Generation 4 - which in that mindset was a HUGE upgrade. However, after having it now for almost a month and wearing it daily I am not happy with it. The battery only lasts about a day and a half even with the extended battery. Mind you, I barely use it for what its capable of - receiving text messages but barely responding to them via watch and that is about all I use it for right now so for the battery to die that quickly while barely using it on extended battery its not worth it to me. Also, today I had charged it fully and within 3 hours it was back to 8%. Not sure what happened there. The size of the watch isn't bad however because I have such a small wrist every time I would go to bend my wrist my hand would hit the main button and Google assistant would turn on. Definitely annoying. Lastly, the band it horrible! Its super hard to clasp together because it so slippery and then recently it started unclasping and falling off without warning for no reason. I looked into other bands but there are far and few options for them and just not worth it to me. I will definitely be returning it, which is disappointing because its a beautiful watch and I was super excited about it. Just not worth the hassle.
I bought this in 3/2017. Work great and easy to install and use
I have a couple of headphones and these are amazing! I have Sol Republics and Bose head gear and they are great. However, these have bomb bass. I would recommend for sure.
The blanket is very soft and comfortable. It does cause a lot of static build up. I would like it better if the sage green was slightly darker.
Great product, great delivery!
Looks great with a few very minor surface scratches. So far so good with performance.
We got off to a bumpy start, but your service folks were very helpful. Our largest concern was to control the AUX (heat strips). It appears to be working out good now.
I didn't expect much at this price but thought that the Koss name might mean they were okay. These are much more than okay, they're great as in great sound, great comfort and great value. In fact, I went back and bought two more sets just in case they discontinue them. I like them that much.
The Nest Cam takes just a few minutes to install. If you already have a Nest system set up (for thermostats, etc.) it will go even quicker. It was automatically configured to the interface on my iphone. We use this to monitor our newborn. So far so good!
Ut easy to use and it has alot of viewing options s
I got this last week and I am impressed with it. Awesome
Excellent video quality and install was very simple just plug and play .notification little bit delayed may be less than a minute.only thing is subscription ‘nest aware ‘didn't expect each camera has a separate subscription!it is little bit annoying. Apart from that everything is awesome experience .
Card was delivered within 20 minutes. Love not having to run to a store.
I just feceived my 12.3 keyboard,It looks stunning and very impressive . it turned in to a Laptop.Metal quality is Top notch . thanks
Took two days to charge the battery.
I have an older system and these don't last very long. On a positive note, I also don't have to purchase new batteries when these run down. Like most rechargeable batteries, the life of them will not compare to a regular battery. The bottom line is that you save money in the long run.
These earbuds are amazing. I have had these since June 2018, and have lasted amazingly on many long trips. Bass is excellent, and overall quality is amazing. Would recommend to people searching for Bluetooth earbuds.
I love it. The sound quality is very good, the 4-25 KHz is enough for daily use. The bass is very good. I can recommend.
It makes calls...Very limited apps. Gmail display is awful. Camera is terrible... Repurchased my droid the next day
GREAT BUY BETTER THAN OTHER COMPANYS
I bought this for all of my rental property! It's great to be able to rekey my own locks!
the bose qc 20,s control module should be a new version with a smaller control module design and an non L shape 3.5 headphone jack.
I have owned the Mini O for a couple of months now and i am a satisfied customer. The quality of the camera is great, considering the cost was cheaper than an evening at the movies with my fiancee! The 720p video quality is impressive! The magnetic base provides great convenience and mobility. And my favorite feature is the sleep mode, which provides privacy and security when needed. Combine that with the clear night vision and audio, the camera is quite impressive. It also came with a name brand micro SD card from a company that I trust! The only two cons i have found are the talkback mode can be a little unclear at times and it doesnt recognize 5ghz wifi. But that wasn't a big enough deal for it to even lose a star in my opinion. To wrap it up I also need to mention that the camera is run by the EZVIZ app which is very nice and it's user interface is constantly getting better with every update!!!! [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
Runs slow. And doesn't hold a charge long. I got this tablet for my son in November and I decided to get a new one for him in January that isn't as slow and holds a charge better.
As Indoor swimmer this watch is performing very well for pool applications. The only shortcoming I have encountered is that the measurement of lengths lags recordation. The actual length measurement is correct and why the length doesn't track simultaneously seems to be a software shortcoming. I think it can be fixed and with little garmin efforts. Otherwise I love this watch.
This a awful phone. Volume is to low when it rings. When you call out you don't hear a ring . Now I can not call out or in. Can't text . This phone is a piece of crap.
I like that it is loud so u can really hear ur music and enjoy it
good
This same camera was on sale it has a good picture but definitely no sd card will work in it has a faulty firmware that does not time stamp sd card which is maker response ability to update firmware
They came in fast but when I plugged them in they didn't work
I really enjoy the S6, it is very quick and is great for everything I need. I recently purchased the Samsung G2. They pair great together and communicate very quickly.
I recently got these ear phones and I can say I DO NOT regret buying these. They have very good sound quality, a good range for Bluetooth even if you leave your device in a different area/ location, THEY STILL WORK!! This is a great product and they work great. Buttons, features, great sound quality, good charging AND a case. Great product. 10/10 WOULD RECOMMEND!
Bought this specifically because it was outdoor . But you have to subscribe to the online cloud storage........additional monthly/yearly cost. No other offline storage available. Returned to store for other product. Did not install, don't know about quality of picture, etc.
Really impressed with the innovative product. Would have loved to have this when I was in school. So easy to put you finger on it and then unlock.
I've never been a fan of earbuds because of bad fit except for phone calls, but these fit so well. The cord doesn't tangle and the sound quality is very good. You cannot beat the price, either.
I've had this camera for the better part of two years. Worked great. There was an update last week and now the camera is unavailable and none of the settings work. I'm just locked out. And the app doesn't rotate on an iPad. I use it to monitor my sick mom and now all I get is an unavailable message and no access to settings,. So upset!
Purchased this camera so I could monitor my kids when they got home from school. I love how easy this was to hook up and setup. Top notch product. I ended up buying another one and have one in the box waiting to hook up. The phone App is easy to use (Android Phone) and I never have any issues. I will be a customer for life.
I am a mother of 4 and JBuddies are by far the most durable kids' headphones I have ever bought. The lifetime warranty is what initially sold me on this brand, but there is much more to gush about with these headphones. They fit great, look great, they are economical compared to other brands, and my daughter says they feel great which is perfect for when we travel. She wears them for 2-3 hours stretches with no discomfort. The volume is loud enough to hear movies/music/videos even in a the noisy rear of the plane. We just love them and I will be telling all my friends with kids to get these headphones.
Lots to choose from out there regarding cameras. NEST has really put a lot of thought and time into the design of this product. Great support and well packaged. Easy of use and reliability excellent.
I love my new LG TV I love the fact that it is a computer I like watching concerts off YouTube on the TV and Netflix I actually bought two of them I put one in the den and one in the living room so if my wife doesn't want to watch what I enjoy watching she can watch something else in the living room on her LG TV
It looks pretty good and it shows correct temperature. I like it.
After a year product might melt during charging. Used all apple chargers and provided chords. Customer service is totally useless and says it’s my fault. Garbage product for the money you spend.
Great product and it works great. Very happy
I am loving these headphones. The sound is so clear and you can feel the bass. Great for listening to music. They are comfortable to wear, even with glasses on. I love that they fold up and have a nice storage bag to transport them in. The battery life is long lasting. I havent found any complaints yet. Well worth the cost and I would recommend to friends. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
I've used the Roko and I am completely satisfied with it.
Easy set up. Very light and easy to mount. Picture quality is good.
Having a hard time setting up (I'm old).I am not tech sav
it really works under water without getting damaged
Can view URL's through screenshots. I love it.....
Very good product so far. I bought it about one month ago
complete waist of money, I could not get service in a major city. went back to Android
I bought this with my tab S6 and the keyboard is great works great but the back cover/kickstand is a joke!!! Keeps falling and my tab smashed down!! Only a matter of time before it would break if I keep using it. This is NOT worth the money at all!! Its cheap like something you would get from the dollar store!! I am so disappointented by samsung
I love it all. It looks elegant; has a good and strong sound; super easy to install
The band comes in 2 different sizes which is perfect for my small wrist. I love the colors and it's not to bulky to wear like others one on the market. This is the 3rd kind I've had and so far my favorite. I love the viewing screen, I don't have to constantly update it to my phone to see my steps/miles walked. I don't need to wear a tracker and my watch now either since this tracker tell the date and time. I also like that you can take the small tracker out to charge it as well, much easier to charge and use than others.
This replaces my old Sony MDR-V150 headphones. First time I listened to my music on the iPod, I was hearing things I didn't hear with my old Sony headphones. I'm a bass head and I play the bass guitar, and these headphones have great bass sound without scarificing the highs. Guitar, cymbals, vocals are clean and crisp. Cups are large and your ears fit inside the cups which makes them comfortable to wear without pinching your ears, and I have big ears. Some people may not like the weight and size, but the 3 1/2" wide headband pad supports them well. Excellent set of heaphones for the price. I'm very pleased.
I wish there was way to save daily # steps over a period of time.
Very impressed with the speed at which I received my speaker. The speaker?s finish is very clean and the sound is good. However, when my box was delivered, it was not taken to more front porch. It was left out in the rain.
The charge on this doesn’t hold well. You have to keep charging his tablet every hour and a half. It’s kind of slow as well. The manufacturer sucks. I called to ask them “how long does this specific tablet is suppose to keep a charge” foreign guy didn’t know anything and told me to send it back for a new one. Looking at the reviews everyone was right about each aspect. If you received a working tablet then you are lucky.
Handy to have. Easy to install. My computer doesn't have a DVD player so this does the trick.
I upgraded from an IPhone SE to the XR and I absolutely love the phone! It's quite the switch, and it's definitely going to take some time to get used to for sure. The process phone even came earlier than expected! (That was a nice bonus). The process of switching my phone number, service and all other information from the SE to the XR was also very simple. The only difficult thing is trying to open the SIM card tray and putting the new SIM card in.
Work well first week but the battery plug in collapses to interior of drone lose power connection during flight outcome crash throw away toy
Return them after 2 weeks of use, they are too heavy in my ear and they keep falling out my ear. Sound quality wasn't that bad
I never thought I'd love this but I do, thank you so much it's clearer, easier to move great sound wonderful accessories.
I was close to buying the Sony 930e , but when the price dropped and a couple 2nd and 3rd looks i went for the 900f. And now after about three weeks i am glad i did. Great picture 4k is unreal! Trust me you will love this tv. Pitbullman
could not receive text messages, that was one of the reasons I bought this watch
Can we claim warranty for this product of any software issue?
Good quality product...i like that we could use the airpods not only with mobile phones, but also with tv. Using cordless/bluetooth over-the-ear headphones to watch TV is great, but the airpods are even greater!!!
For how good of a price these are, I defininatly recommend these to anyone looking for a great pair of earbuds.
Love this value. Only disappointment is that it doesn't come with outlet jack too. But that could be purchased separately.
The size and style is perfect for eating meal-sized salads
Works fine; not hard to learn to use; very attractive
Crystal clear feels when watching a movie I feel like I'm in the movie! [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
This case is perfect! Easy to put on and looks wonderful!
So far it's a great watch, still trying to figure it all out- so I won't say too much. Love all of the data Love the new battery life options ... only had it for a couple of weeks so I'll let you know more
I bought a Roku a year ago and it worked great so great i just purchased another for an additional television.
I bought this for my husband's Valentine's Day present. He was resistant, but it didn't take long for him to become a fan. The 250 steps an hour is a goal he has hit most waking hours and the sleep tracking is another feature he now pays attention to. It vibrates when he's been at his desk too long and prompts him to go for a walk which he actually does and in all it has him more mindful of his daily activity.
works great, not too hard to set up...great wide angle view
so far it seems to be one of my Best buys. But time will tell
I only bought this two weeks ago and I am glad I made this purchase. Easy to install with access to great content. Only reason for pause is the lack of a number pad and/or functionality to easily recall a channel while in use with cable programming.
I have had a Mac book for about 4 years and love it! Just bought the iPad 2 few days ago and haven't sat it down. I love using the iPad to surf and check emails. Would recommend iPad to anyone!!
The package says they block 99% of light but I'd say they block maybe 25%. That wasn't good enough for my baby's room. She naps in the middle of the day so I need it blacked out. I had to return these.
The phone works well. Only minor complaint so far, the screen has app images burned into it so ghosts are visible whenever a light background is used such as Chrome.
Very nice clock . Big and easy to read . Looks like real metal when hanged up .
Want an attractive , ready to use barrel for watering plants, spigot is plastic but works good. Filled quick , most important thing WIFE LOVES IT!
Not being a great technical person, I'm always hesitant with new things but this phone is so much fun to use. It's easy and has fun features, such as photo taking options. Speech to text is clear as well as having clear reception everywhere. It's light wight and the screen is HD. Thanks Nokia .
Great sound, I bought QC 35 II first and fall in love with the sound and noise canceling feature. But sometimes it too hot to wear qc35ii. So I bought this QC30 and now I got the best of the both world. This design great for excercise or on the summer days. Still the same wonderful sounds and noise canceling. Super comfy as well. Just take abit longer to charge compare to QC 35II.
My main tv died suddenly so I did not have an opportunity to research a new one. I have small Vizios scattered throughout the house and was pleased...so decided to have a "Vizio house". I was not disappointed. My new "v class" 505 was reasonably priced, has lots of smart features that I am still exploring, a clear image...and fast refresh time. The only downside that I have found thus far is the poorly designed remote. Its is neither intuitive in any respect...nor ergonomic. Still...no regrets in the purchase. Great buy for the money.
I use my Fitbit to track and improve my sleep, as well as my steps around the house. My steps have added up fast. The sleep studies are fascinating and enlightening.
These little headphones are still the best i've had for over 3 years now. they outperform even headphones 6 times the price from other brands. I love the XBS feature, the extra bass will compliment any music and makes techno and hip hop sound really good. I've watched movies with them and explosions are incredibly loud and rumbly. And yet they're small enough to go to sleep with without getting a headache from the pressure. Amazing.
Not a bad choice for google tv but for Netflix doesn't work very well.
Can't complain! Gets the job done and it's at a low price. Happy customer! :)
I bought them 2 or 3 months ago and I thought that it was only me, but the right headphone seemed to be a bit quieter than the left one, until it recently became completely obvious that the right headphone is indeed quieter and now it's become quite annoying. Don't buy these, it's much better to invest in a pair of better headphones. The sound quality is ok, but nothing special. There is a lot of compression going on at times, but it's kinda expected since the product is cheap.
Its a T.V. monitor, not a smart T.V. It's the stupidest T.V. I have ever known. I bought it a month ago and if I would have known it really isn't a smart T.V. I wouldn't have waisted my money on it. This is false advertisement! It doen't even deserve a star but I couldn't post the review without putting one.
We purchased these for an incentive at work to get our employees more active. They work great for the money. Easy to use with app on phone.
Easy install, lightweight and good picture. I need additional time with software application to understand all options etc..
I just bought a roku for the bedroom TV, loved it so much went Saturday and bought a new TV for living room with Roku already built in.
So got my new Diego ear buds pulled them out of the package and was blown away by the sound Quality. Great job J-Lab. The ear buds look Huge but fit in ear very well, another thing is they are supper light!!! I don't notice the wire. Sound like the band is right in my ear or I'm a concert. Over all I suggest this to everyone who really likes music like I do.
I purchased this while the stay at home order is in effect. Put it in our lanai and we love it. Easy to operate and installed in 10 minutes.
Finally decided to make the big switch from Android to iOS. Was getting tired of my phones not lasting so long before they started to act “stupid”! The “certified refurbished” phone I got looks like it's last owner threw a hissy fit all over it. Gouges and dings all over it. Haven't even had it for 2 months and indeed, it too has started acting stupid in a myriad of small ways from touchscreen to wi fi and all things in between. I feel like I purchased someone else's garbage. I'm pretty sure my next phone will be an Android!
I love this tv so much great picture and very crisp sound my favorite tv I've ever owned
Sound is terrible, picture is good. I had to get a sound bar immediately...the factory speakers are garbage
Decent ear buds compatible especially great for tech that no longer has the headphones jack. The container and headphones are small so the only down side is it is easier to lose them then traditional wired headphones. Very good sound quality and noise cancellation.
apparently they didn't give enough information so it wont activate at all which is very annoying i would give it zero if i could. now i am forced to call the original.. owner? of the phone and ask a million questions that where not included in the packaging.
This is the second high chair for my daughter, her first one was way to bulky and took up to much room. I love this one how it's smaller and how it folds so it doesn't take up space when not in use. Just wish the foot rest was a little better, where they can actually rest their feet. Otherwise, it's a good buy for a good price. Bought one with a different pattern for my son to use!
A good base WearOS watch. I would have like to have seen better improvements in the battery. There is hope that with future WearOS updates that will help, but right now it doesn't meet expectations. I have learned that the biggest impact to battery life is the number of notifications/vibrations. So, more control over what notifications make their way from my phone to the watch would allow me to mitigate some of the impact.
I love this 3ds, especially with the Zelda design with the Triforce on it. The system works great and all.
It is my 2nd Xiaomi Wich I had change first an iPhone 7 for a Redmi Note 6 Pro. I am so happy with this brand that bought the Redmi Note 8 Pro. Lot of advantage comparing to apple.
This is an excellent pair of cameras! The first thing I love about this is the extremely long battery life! This claims to have a 365 day battery life and from what I have seen so far, it probably is true. I really like that it has smart detection where it can detect humans vs animals. I like that when you go back and look at video playbacks, it has a picture of the face of the person who set it off on the preview. The voice quality both from app and the camera was better then expected. The clarity of the video/picture quality was great and clear. It was very easy to connect this device to my other smart home devices. Another great feature is there is no cloud subscription to use this! Overall I feel this set is great for outdoor security. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
I love this product but whenever I plug in the cord, the headphones will not turn on. If someone knows what to do, please let me know.
Super fast shipping, easy assembly and charges quickly! Very fun to fly. The kids loved it, especially when you can use your cell phone as a monitor to fly in 1st person!
I bought this phone about 2 months ago. My 1st Samsung. Won't go back to the old brand I had. This Galaxy Luna is like a computer with the right apps.
These are the perfect wireless ANC headphones if you want to listen to music. Would not recommend these headphones if you also plan to make phone calls. The call quality is horrible for the person you're on the call with, plus your own voice echoes back to you as you are talking. There are no settings available to fix this either on the headphones themselves or on the Sony headphones app. As soon as you make a call, there is a static sound in the background and your voice can sound echoed to the listener. If you google this, it's a common problem with the WH-1000XM3s. Apart from the phone call quality, these are probably the world's best ANC(active noise canceling) headphones if you want to listen to music. Lots of options to customize how you want them to sound via the easy to use Sony Headphones app and a very powerful/authoritative bass which matches the price you are paying for the headphones. There is probably something wrong with the microphone on these headphones in the product line which may be the cause for the issues with phone calls. Apart from that, these are unbeatable and are worth the price!
Easy to set up. Many channels available and haven't had any issues with buffering. Clear, stunning picture in 4k.
Don't let the price fool you. This is a very good product. Our daughter has special needs, and this device fits the bill. We are very happy with our purchase.
one side stopped working literally after three days and kept turning down and up the volume
Loved it at first site! Exactly what I wanted and needed! Only problem is the pen broke right away, which was a bummer. I'm not a person who really uses that feature,but I would rather it wasn't so cheaply made. Other than that I really love it!
Don't even bother. It looks really nice but it's super slow and it won't stay connected to Netflix or Hulu either. I returned it the day after it arrived.
I have had this TV for 3 m. Now and I love it. Best TV I have ever owned
thank you
Does what it's supposed to
This does what I had hoped it would. Very easy to install. Just wish it had an outside speaker for the alarm. But all in all, I love it.
This tablet works fairly well for the cost. Problems include shutting down in the middle of play, extremely short battery life, trouble downloading, skips alot during use. Still it is good for a starter tablet.
Now I don't have to sit directly in front of the TV to listen to it. I can now walk around the house and listen to the TV or to music playing on the TV. My wife also likes them, not only does it keep the noise down at 4AM but she can put it on and go outside, have her coffee and listen to music playing on the TV without disturbing me when it is nap time. Everyone is happy.
This was a replacement for my G-shock that cost more than twice what this did. I didn't expect much but I thought it was worth checking out. I was completely blown away when it arrived. It was just as advertised, an excellent value.
We've had this for over two years and because we only have one it gets shuffled from here and there. It has taken quite a beating. It still works great and makes a lot of sound for a little machine. The radio, CD player and bluetooth are all in working order. I decided to write this review because we decided we need another one because are kids are older and need their own. We want to purchase the same model.
Packaging was great , The console runs very fast , Totally worth the money
This case was a perfect fit for this tablet. No more having to worry about bumps or scratches. Slips on easy and allows easy access to the tab and keyboard. Perfectly shipped as well.
Great, I had been looking for a wireless pair that wouldn't slip to one side. Couldn't beat the price too
Just bought.. can not use it for a network cam.. only phone or tablet ... AND the app is not available in Canada. They offer no phone support...
I waited until I've had this a few weeks before I made my review. So I've noticed that it doesn't stay connected with the app a lot and i have to always reconnect it. It's not very accurate with steps. I'll take it off of the charger and it says I've already done 100+ steps. The app isn't very accurate with the battery. I'll let it charge all night and the app will only show it as 65% battery. It does feel a little flimsy... like one little bump and you'll break it. Overall...it's $50. What is everyone expecting to get for that?!
When I first received the headphones, I confess I was a bit intimidated. But, once I began, everything worked correctly the first time, no problem whatsoever. I don't have a portable phone; I intended them for use with my iPod 7th Generation (software version 13.4.1). I made sure Bluetooth was enabled in Settings. My iPod said I needed an app. I clicked on the app, it loaded in a few seconds. I entered my password, and that was it. My iPod and the Sony headphones began working perfectly. The instructions said they phones should work within 10 meters of the iPod. Just as a test, I left the iPod in my living room, went outside and walked across the street to my neighbors., a distance of about 30 meters I never heard a blip in the music at any time, nor have shown any problem with my Wi-Fi, even when I stand next to the router. To say that I am pleased with these headphones is a great understatement. I couldn't possibly be happier with them.
Picture clarity is superb in both daylight and night vision. The first night I had them running I was able to catch someone (sleepwalker?) wandering in my neighbor's yard with a pump sprayer. While not close enough to make out facial features, the fact I could see his actions from a distance was great. I can clearly monitor another neighbor's house over 100 feet away, with night vision, is a plus. I wish the online instructions were available in a compiled document I could download and print.
Got my S1 about a month ago and have used it for 6 or 7 gigs now. The sound is amazing! We A/B'd it with an L1 Compact and I felt like the S1 was warmer sounding though (as noted in the FAQ here) it doesn't throw to the back of the room quite as well as the L1 Compact. It one case we played a larger room with 150-ish people in it and I used an external sub to give us a bit more bottom. That room was why I say I'll be picking up another one of these. In the large room with lots of crowd noise I really felt the need for more coverage. Otherwise I'm very happy with this little box.
I bought this LG G6 a couple weeks back and im super satisfied. This phone is a great phone very high quality product
I LOVE the picture. It loads fast never skips has tons of apps. I am very satisfied in fact I'm going to buy another.
I love my Fitbit so far. I actually love everything about it
This tv has exceeded my expectations! The picture is amazing. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
Setup was a breeze, with channels migrating over. All issues from the older model where resolved and we are super happy with the performance.
You Get what you pay for. Keep this in mind when choosing headphones. For $9.99 the sound will not be parallel to BOSE.
Phone ran hot within the first twenty minutes of being powered on. Prompt response...still waiting for a refund.
I bought this product and the sound quality is great. Sony Extra Bass Earbud Headphones with Microphone, MDRXB50
We got this for our new home and so far, very please. Great picture!
I've had these about a year now and here is the good and the bad. -The Good- Sound quality is excellent with no complaints Noise cancelling excellent, only complaint is that it is sometimes too good. The bluetooth setup and switching is simple and easy to use. Verbal battery and connection status is a welcome feature. -The Bad- Neck band is almost constrictive and none too comfortable for someone with a larger neck. Because of the Bluetooth receiver's location is in the right side of the (too tight) neck band I lose audio almost every time I turn my head to the right. -Overall- The best set of headphones in or over ear I've ever owned, I just with they offered a larger neck band.
Works great. Recommend them to anyone who wants to purchase headphones
I never travel without these headphones. They are extremely comfortable. I use both Bluetooth (for listening to my movie) the AV jack (when watching movies in flight and the sound quality is superb.
My wife needed a sturdy chair to use at the beach that was high enough to be comfortable to get in and out of and this one filled the bill. It is light, sturdy, opens and closes relatively easily and looks good too! Reasonably priced and in strong aluminum, appears it is going to last a long time
I've had this about 6 weeks replaced my iphone8. The iPhone was much easier to navigate through the apps. Unfortunately I have 2 of these and I'm stuck with this phone for a year... I Will swap back to the iPhone as soon as allowed... Overall it is very expensive camera.
Easy to hook up and it has all the new features!!!
This equipment was a piece of junk. After the 3rd day of plugging in the port to the Electrical Outlet the port broke. I have never had an issue with anything like this. I tried to get it fixed but there is only a 90 day return to exchange. I ended up throwing it away. I only had it for less than a year. Never will buy from this company again!!!!! I am mad I spent 70.00 on crap piece of equipment.
It has a great picture, and so many features that I have yet to explore. But I love that it plays Netflix and Amazon Prime and other video streaming services with the touch of a button or two.
Arrived earlier than expected, works great, very pleased!
I've had the S7 EDGE now since it first came out so I've had a chance to get familiar with it. Best phone out there right now. My prior phone with the Galaxy S5 and I loved it! When the S6 come out and I came to find out that the option for adding a TF or SD card as well as it being waterproof/resistance was gone..I was disappointed so I kept my S5. So here are my pros and cons for my new S7 EDGE. PROS: I'm glad that they brought back the expandable memory and also the waterproof options! It was the main reasons why i held on to my S5 instead of upgrading to the S6! I also love the EDGE option to where I only have one page because the EDGE option provides an easier access to other apps and widgets that one can customize. Also, the 5.5 inch screen and slick design provides an amazing vivid quality viewing. With the 32GB internal memory and 4GB of RAM provides fast pristine performance! Although the camera went down 14 megapixels (S5) to 12 megapixels (S7)..I personally like the S7 better. It's great under low light and the images and videos looks just as vibrant if not more then the prior Galaxy models. CONS: No infrared blaster on the S7 which I miss because I used the IR frequently my phone S5. Also when I bought my phone, I purchased a case on it and put it on immediately. A few days later I had my phone on my lap in my car and when I opened my door..my new S7 EDGE (with a UAG case) slipped off my lap and onto my driveway floor and it cracked!! So with my insurance deductible i had it replaced. Now with my replacement phone I decided to add a screen protector as well with my case..I've dropped it several times now and so far so good! OVERALL: So far I am very satisfy with my new S7 EDGE phone. I wish they had kept the IR blaster but no biggie..the S7 EDGE specks/features are amazing and outweighs the IR option so I can do without it. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PHONE (and I'm a technology GURU)!! Just make sure that you learn from my mistake and have a screen protector and a case for it or else the screen is inevitable to crack! Thank you and I hope my review was helpful!
So I put this through it's paces, The picture in the daylight is great! I'll post some images of the good AND the bad, hopefully they allow captions which will make it easier to understand but if not they are time stamped and I'm sure you could figure out which is which. In comparison with my EZVIZ mini, the Mini pics at night are incredible This needs some work but otherwise still worth getting. The camera itself is GREAT! Very nice size, customizable to your preferences with notifications and "beeps" quality looks to be better than par for what I've seen, clean lines and stylish, very functional (other than the noted night vision problem) but if you introduce some light and the infrared ring shuts down then the picture quality increases dramatically. (be more of a 4 star then) *see pic that is black and white* In the time I had this I used it daily and tried repeated ways to "fool" the cameras motion sensor. It always picked up my movement and the software only messed up once (could have had too many apps running at one time) so I shrugged that off. I also use a motorola hubble and it was down repeatedly so if you were deciding between the two I would say the EZVIZ is DEFINITELY the way to go if you're looking for reliability. Even though this is not an "outdoor" camera I wanted to see what it would do at a distance! so I put it outside for a while and took a couple snapshots. I was impressed for the price of the unit. (I'll post a picture of that also) *you can tell which because it's outside! under a balcony* The distance I had the camera from the door was roughly 18 feet, the picture detail was good enough I could make out features on a persons face in good light, on a clear bright day the picture was great. The mounting hardware it came with would be perfect for mounting on ceiling or wall. I used it on a desktop on a hutch so didn't need it but it would be very versatile when it comes to mounting as long as you have a power source close. The cable length was plenty long enough for me but in situations you may need an extension. The micro SD card slot is a HUGE benefit!! You don't realize that until you have to deal with a cam that doesn't have it and you're only allowed a one day review back (stupid Hubble!) That is where EZVIZ blows the competition away. There are times I can't get service for a couple weeks. IF something were to happen with my Motorola I would have NO evidence unless someone was watching it! With EZVIZ I have tons of recorded images and video on backup!!!! GREAT peace of mind! Thanks for that! Really the only bad thing I could find with it is the infrared "glow" that affects the picture. Perhaps if that was adjusted or moved to a different location on the camera body, such as the mini, the performance would change to a 5 star machine. As it is the alarm still goes off and sends me a notification, the picture is blurry and hard to make out but I do know someone has entered! For the notifications alone I'd still go with these over the Motorola, based from my experience, even with the flawed night vision because of the reliability. Hope you have the luck I did with these products, so far I'm impressed! Cheers! [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
I purchased this TV for my sister. Because of her cabinet, we were limited with the size so this was the largest that would fit. We had to get a new cable cord but other than that, it's great. At first the sound was a little tinny sounding, but I checked the manual and it gave me instructions to adjust it, I did and it is just fine. The picture is very sharp. I think this was a fabulous TV at a great price.
Price was right, such a great TV for the price. TV is so clear and defined and looks so real. I had a 55 in Visio that crap out after 5 years. Bought the 4 year protection plan for $99 well worth it.
So far is working fine,very easy setup besides this is my # 3 of the same brand and all trough Walmart.zero complaint.
Works and sounds great... Worth the buy... Good bass and treble... I was looking for something that would cancel out the train and bus noise when travelling... The volume of these little beasts does the trick... I dont like to wear the bulky over the ear headphones. Drop side to these head phones is the mic. People can barely hear me so i have to switch to phone to talk... Battery life is like 5 to 6 hours. A battery indicator pops up on my cell when it is connected but that is 50% wrong. When it shows headphone battery has 50% on cell, actually means its dead. It takes a while to find the sweet spot when trying to affix the headphones on the ear...
I purchased 2 weeks ago and it connected with my iphone without an issue... purchased a new iPhone and have been trying for days to connect without success... I have tried to reach out to Fossil without reply... will be returning and purchasing an Apple Watch!
If I could, I would give this 0 stars. DO NOT BUY THIS JUNK! Bought on Aug. 5 and by Nov. 2, won't charge. Useless. Walmart says to contact the seller and the seller says to contact walmart.com.
Great camera, great battery life, over all good phone.
The sound quality is very good, it's comfortable and easy to use. They charge fast and the battery lasts long, love it!
Straight Talk the best unlimited plan i have like more than 8 years using this company
I have had great success with this watch. My headphones (not on the approved list) connect great. Only feature I do not like is the autolap always resets when you hit a manual lap for speedwork. App options are great.
It's ok I guess. Don't expect too much from it. I received the tablet and charger but there was no paper work in it box. So you have to figure out things on your own.
Upgraded to this from a Non-HR fitbit charge. Very simple and easy design! Straps are easy to change unlike some other models. Strap clips in and stays clipped without coming unsnapped. Charger magnets rights to it and makes connection super easy. Battery lasts 3 days before needing an hour or so to charge. Took a few tries to get it to sync with phone to set an alarm or change the clock face style, but I have never seen a single fitbit connect effortlessly the first time! I have very happy for the tiny $50 price tag
Was not aware you had to have a internet connection before you can play. That should have been on the box.
Love these plugs. Should have bought a four pack or a second set. Very easy to sync to Alexa and control. Love these
I love the top
I"m not satisfied with this item. It needs an addition hard drive for storage and a cd disk to program in order to record. The picture quality is decent. The motion sensors work well. I wouldn't recommend it though.
This Bose soundsport free have a good Quality of sound and have a good bass when I use I feel I was in that place. Bose can make me happy when I was listen to music because have a nice bess and other.
I got the red ones and they look quite nice. I got them on clearance for a fraction of the price at my local office supplies store. they do not fit in my ear as well as the angled ones do, but they still work real nice. the mic and pause play answer end call is the same as some other Jlab ones. I like this mic type better than the ones with an actual button. I can just press the full mic piece. I hear similar sound on these as the cheaper ones, still is a very decent pair and maybe a little bit better casing quality. As always it is the rubbery tangle resistant wiring so thats always good.
Got my ipad about a month ago and i really love it! I pretty muuch use it everyday. My only complain has to do with the apps, there should be more free ones and better options. Other than that I love it!
This is the best deal I found for an iPad and the bonus kit is great.
Purchased this tv for husband man cave. A lot of features. Family loves it.
Good, inexpensive device for streaming but it tends to require a reboot to achieve a signal from the router which is about 2 feet away. None of the other Roku devices we have in our home have this issue.
worked great for the first few weeks,now can't get the Mic to work
I just got this for my birthday 2 days ago and man it was the best one yet. It's brighter than my pulse 2 and it's louder than my pulse 2, the lights on this speaker is really awesome in the dark it's lights up my whole room and the speaker is really loud that it is 360 degree speaker that it can be a party speaker. I really love this speaker it's the best speaker ever!!! I highly recommend this speaker!!! Trust me, you won't be disappointed.
TV broke after 10 months of use. Do not buy this junk TV
More durable than Fitbit but the sensors keep disappearing. I completed a hike up Mt. Baldy that had 3830 ft elevation gain and the watch said I only climbed 40 floors. The watch often shows no GPS outdoors. It just displays No GPS!
This worked perfectly. Sound can still turn up very loud although these are volume limiting. I like that it still comes with a cord if the battery died while using it i could just plug it in, instead of having to charge immediately. I like this very much, mostly because it pretty, doesn't look boring. Continuous listening for full the 14 hours straight for me, that's awesome, would definitely buy again.
I loved the first one. I used it every day. The more I use this one the more JBL products I want just to connect them
Quick delivery, easy set up, great picture and sound.
I bought these earbuds a few months ago and the sound is amazing. They were a great price and I love them.
I would highly recommend this thermostat for any home when upgrading or replacing your old unit.
Good picture, DVD player works well. Sound lacks quality but it isn't a deal breaker.
After buying several different headphones and being unhappy with all of them, I found these. They're wonderful! The sound is the clearest I've ever heard with headphones. People told me the sound on their end was a little muffled until I realized that wrapping the wire around from the back of my ear to hold the earbud in place was covering up the mic a little. Turns out the earbuds stay in place nicely just being placed in the ears, without wrapping the wire. And people say they hear me clearly. I'm very happy with these headphones!
These headphones look and sound good. My only complaint would be that the are a a little think and a bit oversized, but overall I am happy with the purchase and would recommend buying them.
Lenovo Smart Display provides a great hands free way to assist with regular routines as well as specific requests. It's great in the morning while fixing breakfast for Smart Display to provide a customized morning routine of weather, traffic, news, calendar... Or to help find a recipe and assist in the preparation. Or assistance when planning a trip, providing pictures, facts... The visualization is great and easy to use. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
I bought this tv in September 2018, it now has a vertical neon line that extends the length of the tv and which is very annoying.
We bought 3 for our new home. They haven't been installed yet, but look beautiful. Although, the outside is lighter than the picture shows. The packaging is amazing, with everything very well protected.
Nice smart Lock. Works great and allows me to lock and unlock the door remotely. Had a nice finish and was easy to install.
We took it in the snow and on the 3 ride down the hill it split open underneath. Good that it has handles but the tube is too thin and not durable.
Have had this phone a little over a year and am nothing but happy with it. Even after multiple drops without a case on it the screen is undamaged. Would recommend.
Great watch, but it isn't keeping the calorie count. It keeps restarting and hard to tell what is going on.
I just got them today, horrible hissing sound in the left headphone, like if the wind was blowing. Searched around on internet for a fix but it appears that it's a common issue that is only repairable by changing the entire pair of headphones. Anyway, I would be glad if somebody had a quick fix for it before returning them and buying the bose 700 ( at least they work, I prefered the Sonys but... )
I didnt expect much for the money. Not a bad little dvd player for a spare or kids room. I bought two to replace the two that went out within a week of each other. Our kids use these so I didnt want (or expect) expensive quality. The main complaint I have is they have a bad delay in the tray open close and even the power. It does it on both so I am sure it is just the way they are made not a defective one.
I bought my first set when I was visiting NYC back in 2006 for my portable dvd player and I have been using these earphones ever since. They don't fall off while your working out or running on the cardio trendmill, the sound quality is crisp and clear, they are very loud compare to most expensive headphones and the headphones are very inexpensive. I use the headphones with my mp3 player, blackberry bold phone and lenovo t400 laptop. Thanks! Happy customer 2013
The Nest Hello is a fantastic product. The video quality and sound is amazing! For me, the installation went very smoothly and I was done within 20 minutes. The app is very easy to use and you can set up your notification as you would like. They give you a free 30 day trial of aware which allows you full function of the app.
Excellent sound. Lid does not come up as far as I would like and the location of the cassette player is a little inconvenient. Unit is larger than I expected but overall very good quality
Works well no problems
Just received my wire-free ear buds; have not tried them yet but they seem like they will be will work just fine for me.
None of the HDIS WORK! just rented a movie.... The blue ray is only a few months old at that.... From Walmart as well used it twice so that's not the problem
The watch is as you expect and have read: great. But silver only? Just no.
I got this speaker for a really good deal but the sound quality wasn't as good as I expected and the speaker stopped working within a month. I don't know what I did or what happened but I was disappointed
Security cam, no-bridge wifi, 2-way com, floodlight, smart phone app, night vision, IPX rated, motion sensor....for this price? After buying and installing one in PA, it was a "Duh" no brainer to get one for vacation home. Great system for the price....great value.
It does what I want it to do. No problems so far. A good purchase.
Ordered this reasonably priced CD player for my mom to listen to her gospel cds. She is very happy! Thanks!!
Ordered for my daughter to surprise her during school shutdown. It arrived in perfect condition. Took couple minutes for old woman to set it up but was great once I got it set up. She is thrilled.
This Philips Android TV is great. You get so much for what you paid for. The setup was easy and it took us less than 10 mins to install. Picture quality is great. We watched a soccer game and it was perfect. The sound quality is great too. This TV is great for all the family. Using google play I was able to download apps my kids use to watch movies .Highly recommend![ Product was receive for free or at a discount in exchange for my honest and unbiased review
Great product! Came in original packaging and looked brand new but, for a whole lot less money. You can't beat that!
Purchased as a gift and they love it.
This phone broke on day 9 for me. The glass back shattered. I fell asleep on the sofa and it fell out of my hand--only about 8". Landed on the corner and shattered. I did not have time to decide whether or not I even wanted to keep it. There was no recourse for me, so I am stuck with this phone. It seems nice and I have always liked Motorola, but this time they really disappointed me. Last Motorola for me because of this. All of my ratings will have to be the lowest because I did not have time to actually use this phone. Can't even take a picture--the back of the phone shattered and splintered. I'll have to tape it up to keep from cutting my hand to hold it. Such a major bummer.
Spacing between the bottles could be better but hey free refills makes up for it
Purchased the Revolve+ speaker shortly after it hit the shelves. After a couple months of use, I am impressed! This speaker is great for parties, sitting by the pool, etc. The sound experience is immersive--for everyone. For our family and friends, it has been a joy. Definitely a must-have product for those who enjoy all things music!
I love the headphones, the sound is amazing. The only problem I have with them is if I wear them for long periods of time, it really starts to hurt my ears and head. I wish the ear piece was a little bigger so they sat on my ears more comfortably. Other wise I love them.
Shipping took a little longer than promised and the tracking numbers were incorrect but once I received the case, it was just what I needed.
Love the new feature the works with the USB from your TV so turns on when the TV is on.
Easy to put up and take down.
I bought this tv about 3 weeks ago to replace a 4K LCD that died unexpectedly and I couldn't be happier that I needed to replace it. The picture is amazing for HD and standard content. Bring on the quarantine!
I bought this 6 months ago and speakers acting up and everyonce in awhile screen goes black have to turn off and unplug it for a bit to make it work again
My friends can keep track of me and that makes me feel very secure !
I used these to replace the recessed lighting in my kitchen. I love that they are LED but not overpowering & super bright. They are perfect with the soft white effect. I replaced a few & tried them & ended up doing the rest. Perfect! [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
Other than missing someone entering my home it has worked well
Was surprised to see this come in a box about 4ft long by 2 ft wide. Need to put completely together. Wasn't to bad to do. Hint if cover does not go on easy turn it one rotation. Be aware of how tag reads to get on correctly.
this was bought for 5 year old grandson, keyboard helps in stand up so that he can watch his shows while eating, or playing his drums. small enough that he can sit on couch while watching and playing his games. very glad did not buy something bigger.
These wireless Bluetooth buds are very nice, especially for the money. They charge in a good time frame, they fit well in my ears. They do not slip around. These are well made and the sound is good. The case is nice as well. These would also make a great gift as well as a super stocking stuffer. so I would say its a win win...good buds, good price, fast shipping, well packaged!
Iâ€™ve had this tv for 6 months and have to factory reset once a day to be able to view netflix hulu and othr apps. Will never buy a philips again
Does not work at all. Does get unwanted fm signals.
If you've used EZVIZ products in the past, you know they perform well, made well, and priced very competitively. This camera is a PTZ camera (point/tilt/zoom), it has the ability to track movement, and allows you to have two-way communication. One of the biggest benefits of this camera is the fact that it has an ethernet port. Wi-fi is great, but for latency and image quality, nothing beats a wired connection. As with all the other mini series of cameras, you have the ability to have motion sensor alarms that can be scheduled, configuration of LED notification lights, IR light control, and notifications sent right to your phone anywhere in the world. The packaging is great, the box feels like a high-end electronics product, when you open the box the first thing you see is the camera. The only things I wasn't really fond of (and why 4/5 stars), is the setup process and microphone/speaker. Getting the camera to connect to my wireless network was difficult to say the least. I used the app on my phone to pair, tried generating a QR code, both methods failed. Not a huge issue as I had planned to use it via ethernet cable. But like all other EZVIZ cameras, it will connect to wifi eventually. The other downside is the speaker, it's very quiet. I tried using the 2-way communication, and the people on the other side of the camera could barely hear me. For future improvements, I'd like to see POE and a louder speaker added to the device. It's so close to being perfect. Still it's a fantastic product worth every penny. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
got my phone yesterday and 'm afraid to say that this product is defected as the caller voice is very low on the phone. It's really difficult to hear what someone is saying on the other side.This is truly disappointing.
These stylus pens are a must for all smart phones and tablets. They are the perfect size, come with a pocket clip, are well made, prevent smudge marks, colorful and light weight.
This tv has a beautiful picture great viewing angles nice thin bezel and a great looking home menu. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
ok with some songs not loud at all wire so long its annoying DO NOT BUY
This product is slow. Works 1 time on 2. It is the worst product that I bought in 2016.
I've had to send it back once due to freezing. Now I have to send it back again as the elevation is way off. Going without a watch two times within a 6 month period is not acceptable.
Value for price
Great little speaker for the price. The glow lighting is awesome however it isn't customization. The whole thing is made of metal and very sturdy feeling. Sound is great! Would definitely recommend
I used this last year and it worked for 7 hours with 3 devices. This year I got the same plan and used the same 3 devices. It only worked for one hour! So I got a second card and again it only worked for one hour! What a rip off! Never again!
These headphones are not consistent and operate sporadically. They do not operate at all with RCA cables and require use of a microphone which must attach to a speaker and does not adhere well. All in all, pretty poor operation.
I bought the Fenix 5 plus because it was the only model (other than the 6) that could run all the various apps and external sensors I have for a variety of uses. For example, tru swing sensor for golfing and ballistic app for long range shooting just to name a couple. The watch has exceeded my expectations. Very comfy to wear. Looks great and with a couple of different wristbands it's like having several Garmin watches.
Low price, easy to use, connects automatically, great sound for the money .
I really like the one I got. I'm waiting for my other 3 sets to come. Thank you Linda
The dvd is excellent. The vcr not as good. The picture is not as clear as I had hoped it would be. It is blurry as a matter of fact.
While this product may not have the "THUMP" of beats, the overall quality is still good. Snug fit around the head, a nice shine for appearance, and wonderful sound.
This is my first internet streaming device. I can say that is vastly superior to the built in application on my Blu-ray player. So far, it has worked nearly flawlessly displaying content from Amazon and Netflix. Only once did the device halt and fail to re-buffer a stream. This was most likely ISP related. Setup was very easy and mostly painless. I do wish there was more extensive setup or at least guidance to use the options section. Initially, it had my TV setup as 720p device when it is 1080p plasma TV. I was puzzled by the lower resolution output until I visited options and made display type was properly selected. I would definitely buy the Roku 3 again.
Great value for the money! I use these headphones at the gym every morning, and they definitely make it lots easier to do a lengthy stint on the treadmill or a stationary exercise bike.
Super fast delivery, excellent product so far. They fit perfectly in my ears and the sound is crystal clear. I'm excited to go running with these knowing that they won't fall out.
The picture has a black gap at top and bottom so it is not full screen as pictured in ad
Great tv. Love the new style legs, instead of stand. First class packaging. Received in perfect condition and easy to set up. The picture is excellent. The old tv shows look the same, but newer shoes look better. The best part is this tv really POPS at night time on live shows and especially live sports. Football helmets look amazing!
This iphone is very very good.
I purchased this about 3 months ago. I had read mixed reviews about the product. After considering several alternatives I purchased the Vizio CoStar. I have 2 WD Personal Cloud units that contain about 1500 movies and TV shows. I had previously used a WD Streaming player to watch them. As I placed new items on the units, over half of them would not play on the older WD play I had been using. The problem was codec related as the WD player was several years old. I purchased the CoStar because it appeared to have a more modern player that would play all of the new content. I began by attempting to play some recently obtained items. Much to my surprise, the video was fantastic but without audio. There was no sound on 50 percent of the items I tried to play. Vizio had chosen to not support one of the most widely used audio formats on the market. The recording my PVR had made from broadcast TV had no sound. The PVR is less than 4 months old and the recordings play on everything else in the house. I could not believe that Vizio had chosen to not support one of the most used audio codec around. I have lots of time to watch these recordings as I am retired, but this unit will not play them. (no-audio) I have 3 Vizio products in my home and expected more from them with this player. Will not buy another player from Vizio. Then there is the remote control that comes with the unit. It is a disaster! I watch TV in a dimly lit room. There is no logic with the placement of the buttons on the remote. The pause and play buttons are impossible to locate without turning on the lights. They are the size of a pencil lead and are hidden in a row of buttons that are almost impossible to locate without the lights on. The manufacture claims thousands of Apps available for the CoStar. WRONG! I have multiple Android devices and several devices that are Android powered. The Apps available for this device is really poor. Most are junk or do not work well. What comes on the device are OK and work quite well but are limited in what they will do. If I had known all these things before I purchased the unit, I would have bought something other than the CoStar. There are TV Box's available that use XBMC and an unlocked operating system that actually do have thousands of apps available. They are far less money than the CoStar and are much more user friendly. And their remote control is actually useful, unlike this one. I just ordered one of these units and this CoStar is going to be give away to someone. Wasted $99.00 for sure.
Our children love to listen to Adventures in Odyssey on CD. This player is inexpensive, portable, and works well. Only thing missing might be an iPod dock, which we don't really need (it does have a plug-in for an MP3 player which can be used for an iPod, but doesn't charge it and/or make use of the full range of features).
I got this as a baby gift for my son who is due in December. I absolutely love how light and portable this is. I have put in my cart two more just like it so my 2 year old and 1 year old can use it as well. it collapses very well so that when we go to a relatives house we will have a much easier time feeding them. It came almost completely together and assembly was very easy for the feet on the chair. I highly recommend this to anyone who needs space or portability.
DO not Be Fooled- this is not a functional drone. It merely a shell
Nice watch and great price. Still trying to learn all the features.
I love my Blu-ray Player. The picture quality is first class. It was easy to set up. Thanks, again Sony!
This is a decent ear piece for smart phones, but I have used better ones in the same price range. An important thing to note, that I missed when reading the description at 4 am, is that it is a single ear bud. This is not duel ear buds. While this may not be an issue for some, for me, it makes it harder to hear the music and people talking, since it does not block out background noise heard in the non-ear bud ear. But, lets get down to reviewing the actual item as it was designed. The sound quality is passable. If there is not a lot of background noise, I can hear the music easily, although some of the notes on the high and low range of the sound spectrum are unclear. When using for voice, it is not as bad for hearing, but recordings of my voice through it were slightly choppy. It was understandable, but not good enough sound quality for a video, which was my hope that I could use it for when I discovered it was only a single piece. I was hoping to be able to record video in arcades and other places for my YouTube channel without needing to use my more obvious microphone set. I may be able to use it in a pinch. For phone calls, it is acceptable sound quality, though. Oh, it has a great battery life! I have only charged it ONCE since I got it, and I haven't even needed to use the charge in the case! I only use it for phone calls in the car and the occasional voice recording for short videos, but I've been using it for about two weeks on the initial charge. It is not as good as I had hoped, but I will still use it until I find a better one.
So simple to set up, I thought I did it wrong! Also, it's accurate and hasn't failed me once!
We have two Amazon Echos and love them. They have great sound, and have apps that let me access, review and add to my google calendar, and hundreds of other free available applets. I bought this thinking that it would let me have greater integration and control of my various google/android products. We use G-Suite (formerly Google Apps for Business) at my office, which is a business suite sharing gmail, calendars, etc. Unfortunately, Google Home will not access any of this. So, Echo is better in this regard. Likewise, Echo has a far superior speaker and sound for playing music, and even voice interaction. I'll stick with the Echo until something changes.
excellent to carry crossed on the shoulder, but an adult or a child over 6 years, as for a smaller child hinders walking. for the seat of the car, in my case as it is a small car and the 6th generation tablet is not at the perfect height, but doing a few tricks and found how I was good. I love this HDE store. I bought more products and they arrive fast and in perfect condition.
My daughter got this set for her birthday (Dec 23.), we just set it up and we already love it!! 3 different games, we have used it for 2 of the 3 and I am very pleased with the product. great quality, good stability on poles for volleyball! WE LOVE IT!! Thanks for making a GREAT product!
Good purchase, fast shipping, runs good, loving the color option
Just bought all 3 colors. One did not work out of the box. The other 2 when playing on it if you tilt the screen you cant see it anymore. Horrible graphics. Very Slow
I bought this a few weeks ago and I really like this tv took.some getting used to but now I think it's great.
I had the first generation mini and loved it. This one is even smarter. I am given the latest headline news in the morning, tells me the temperature as well as the forecast for the day, can turn on and off lights, start my coffee. I am still finding things it can do!
The band broke the first time my husband tried to use it.
Christmas gift I hooked it up to my tv with ease. Works great
I bought this to do a thermal analysts as I'm electronics engineer, it does the job but there is lack of some essential options like colour scale on the pictures, also every picture has FLIR stamp on it, this is annoying, the battery on the unit last for 15-20 minutes and then you have to wait an hour to charge it again, the phone gets super hot when using the camera, I'm more disappointed rather then satisfied.
Bought the Roku 4 over the Apple TV because of Roku's 4K streaming capability. However the mirroring features on Roku only work for a handful of Android and Windows devices and is still labeled as "beta" in the system menu. The streaming choices are strong but selecting 4K / UHD streaming resulted in a little graininess when compared with SmartTV hub on OLED tv (internet dwnld speeds of 75mbps+ so wifi strength is NOT the root cause).
Hi Walmart, We bought this product for our residents as a promotion. We are unable to rate this product at this time. Although,we should hear from our residents soon and will encourage them to share their feedback. We think, the online order was swift, delivery was perfect, and on time. But, it was hard to pay delivery after a spendy purchase. However, purchasing and delivery made it easier to swallow. I always tell my teams, happy employees=happier customers; it's the little things.
This watch is perfect in my opinion, the features are amazing. I was looking for a device that monitors my heart rate, exercises, elevation, stress rate, reminders alert. this watch does it all and more, it even remind me when I have been seating to long and need to stretch, I truly recommend this watch to anyone looking for a great smartwatch.
I have been wearing this Dickies shirt for 20 years. Every 5 years I have to replace them. I wear them as a Uniform shirt at work every day. I cannot believe how well they hold up.
Bought those tv a week ago they are nice and light weight
This item came in quite earlier than I expected, actually three and a half days after I placed my order. It was perfectly wrapped and works perfectly. I am really enjoying thisðŸ™ŒðŸ¾
The installation was pretty easy the same way the Nest Smart thermostat was. I watched a few youtube videos before I began the installation. The Nest app takes you through a step by step process and it's easy to install. The camera is very sensitive to sound and very clear even at night and thanks to Walmart.com I got it on sale the week when I made the purchase. Overall, great experience I would highly recommend this product
My nephew loves this. It's great for kids to handle and very durable
I had the Pulse and the Pulse 2 and love this idea of having a light show playing to music typically using the equalizer or fire modes. I was able to get a yellow and orange combo out of the original Pulse that looked like a fire and was happy to see a real fire mode added to the Pulse 2. The Pulse 3 is impressive but I think the Pulse 2 is my favorite. You can use it as a speaker with the lights of during the day and when it gets dark, you turn on the lights and people are blown away. There is no denying the Pulse 3 is a light of some kind. It looks like some sort of lantern, even with the lights off. The Pulse 3 is big. Really big. Taller and wider than the Pulse 2 and also heavier. I was surprised how heavy the Pulse 2 was compared to the Pulse 1. The Pulse 3 is doesn't feel like that big of a difference but it's heavy. Those promo photos you see of people dancing with a Pulse 3, they're not doing it for long. So what's good? Sound is good but always feels like it could be better and each version I guess proves it could be. Still feels like it could be louder even though it's loud. I like that the Pulse 3 finally has 360º lights. With the previous versions you always had to position the speaker with the buttons away from as many people as possible but someone was always getting a separated view with lit white buttons. The Pulse 3 adds some new light modes but takes aways some others as they did with the Pulse 1 to Pulse 2. Gone are rain and fireflies and another even though you can kind of make one of the new modes look like rain by changing it to white. Unfortunately the sound effects are gone. Fire will be the most missed. The JBL Connect app adds the ability to change the brightness but most notable is the ability to change the color by taking a photo with the JBL Connect app or choosing a color from a color wheel since the Pulse Prism lens is not on the Pulse 3. It's definitely more accurate than the Pulse 2 Prism lens. You can also customize your own light scheme by choosing which direction the lights move but I didn't see a way to choose the color in this mode or a way to save the schemes. Overall the lights are awesome and the new modes looks promising but the lights seem a little muted but still lots of fun. Did I mention this thing is waterproof? What's bad? No major deal breaks but I can't believe that the volume and play buttons are still not backlit. The Bluetooth button that you use maybe once in a blue(tooth) moon is backlit. I just stick to volume on the phone rather than fidgeting for the volume on the speaker but it's still disappointing. JBL Connect+ is not compatible with JBL Connect. Sure, technology needs to move forward but the Pulse 2 does not pair with the Pulse 3. Disappointing. Pulse 2 paired to three devices. Pulse 3 connects to two devices. More is better. Maybe two is enough for most people but I had a phone, tablet and laptop. Was easy to switch between them before. Now I need to pair one of the devices every other day. Why downgrade any thing ever? As I mentioned, the sound effects for fire, rain, ocean are gone. Sure you can play the effect off your device from youtube or a white noise app but it was neat to have them right in the JBL Connect app. Also, the interactive effects are gone replaced with static new ones. No more tapping for fireworks and it was also easier to adjust the brightness/level before. Some of the replacement effects though are promising. As much as I like the Pulse 3, it's BIG and I really like the Pulse 2, possibly even more. I don't think anyone would be disappointed with either one.
I have been happy since I got it . Easy to set up even for a senior citizen.
These earbuds have survived being left in the wash at least 5 times. Only recently started to break down after hundreds of tangles and lots of wear and tear. If you want a set of earbuds that can survive a rough or forgetful lifestyle? Cant go wrong with these ones. Only giving 5 stars because i cant give any more.
Our boys love this Xbox!
The wireless was easy to pair for the first time. The touch control takes a little bit to get used to like where to click exactly, but once you get it, it is perfect. Sound quality is great too. I haven't rinsed them under water yet. I plan on doing that when I start to run on a daily basis again. Awesome product.
It very durable, excellent sound quality, and easy to use.
The keyboard barely holds the weight of the tablet so it easily falls off. The battery life sucks must be charged everyday even when not in use.
The phone personally works fine, however it's a joke with being able to switch carriers. False advertising, and they make you purchase a service plan with straight talk for a year before the phone can be unlocked. I feel like I have been scammed!!!!!!!
I use them for work - transcription - and they are hands down the clearest ear buds I've ever used, especially considering the low price.
I guess I was expecting great sound as every tv I've ever had...this one is so tinny sounding.
I receive my earpiece in the two days that were promised and the earpiece works wonderful I have no complaints would get another
This is a must have for party, Your friends can change the song from their smartphone. I has amazing quality for such a small device! Its the life of the party.
Its not as clear on the screen as I had hoped for. It gives a foggy look to it. But it does protect it.
It's heavy and hard as as a rock. I intend to buy something lighter.
I bought this a month ago these earbuds are the best
It took me a while to figure out I had to first install Hband2 on my phone and make wristwatch settings there (download from google} I havent used it much yet so cant make educated comments. Now that I'm connected to wristwatch I like what I see. will give update after using for a week or two
Too expensive but my kuds love these
the speaker itself is outstanding but the fm radio is something to be desired it didn't pick the radio stations
Works great, you can't see it looking at tv , no wires.
Love it
I deployed this Windows 8.1 based tablet in conjunction with a Portable Dental Scanner. Its size and ease of use even prompted the manufacturer of the dental x-ray equipment to switch from IPADs to the ASUS T100 transformer. Thanks ASUS for another successful deployment.
I bought this approximately 2 weeks ago and it stopped working. it will not charge it will not turn on at all.the model is ISB08S aluminum wireless speaker.
GRATEFUL FOR MY PURCHASE. Would recommend to anyone
Easy to pair. Great sound quality. Good fit which is important to me as I normally hate in ear audio devices
great gift i received from work. I would totally recommend this product
The system is impressive, the addition of a Spiderman game is a bonus, and a fair price makes it a great value.
I bought this as a Christmas gift. Turned it on Dec 25 and now it’s Dec 28th and it does nothing. Won’t even turn on. The screen sputtered a few times over the last few days, so must’ve been an indication that it was defective. I’m taking it back the store today to see what can be done, as it’s past the 2 weeks allowed for electronics returns. I definitely won’t buy this product again! Waste of money.
The sound was s nicely balanced with a nice base and crisp treble. They are well made and look stylish. This is definitely when the noise canceling works best it completely blocks out the road and car noise! I could watch a movie and listen to songs in peace.
Although I would have preferred black as a color option, this camera is great. When it recognizes movement, it will zoom in on the subject. The picture quality is really good and the facial recognition is spot on. It's bigger than the standard model so it's harder to "hide" if you are trying keep it low key. The night vision is great; better than the standard model.
I got this for my going to be 12yr. I returned it. It was too little kidish. I would say an 8yr or younger.
Cams sometimes have issues connecting, its odd because they have excellent wifi service too. There also delays in receiving notifications.
Everything is awesome, love how it works and feels especially look and graphics! Downside is 10 hours gameplay and system needs to be sent in for repairs. In initial power up blue light comes on solid for few seconds then system shuts off. Called PlayStation and now waiting for box in mail to send off for service/repair. Other then that I absolutely love it.
I bought this for my son for his apartment and he really likes it.
These are great headphones for the price. I definitely recommend them.
I bought this speaker for my sister for her birthday and it is definitely worth the money. it has really good bass and it loud enough to fill a room with ease. worth the purchase
I have seen a couple reviews about this phone, both bad and good. Most of the negative reviews have came from couple who got a crap version of the phone. Technology wise this happens all the time. There is just gonna be some times when the version of the piece of technology you want is gonna be crap not because of how it was design, but because you got a model thqt had a glitch in it. Now I'm not saying all those negative reviews are bad I'm just saying the actuall working version of this phone doesn't crash every five seconds. Before this phone I had the samsung galaxy J 3 pro (one of the best phones I've ever had) and I was trying to find a better phone, but at a some what cheaper price. At first the task seemed impossible since I got the phone on a huge sell. Luckily I found the lg stylo 4. It is amazing, if your looking for a cheap phone that looks like the iphone x well its got you covered. Great camera (one camerea isnt as good as other), awsome design, but sound could use some work
It worked good
I need a video tutorial. This wearable is not as easy to use as I anticipated. The pamphlet that came with the item is not so self explanatory. It makes so much noise at all hours of the night, and I really don't know exactly what I'm doing......video tutorial would be great. It's a very nice looking watch otherwise.
just got it, was already charged out of the box. nice having a 9" screen. movies are very clear. like that the screen can swivel. Volume is quite adequate, don't know why people are complaining...it's not a sound system, it's a portable player. great value for the price compared to more expensive 7" that don't swivel. so far so good.
Great delivery. TV is exactly what I expected.
Came 2 days after ordering, wasn't supposed to be here for 2 weeks. Works great and is like brand new. Definitely would recommend if you're not trying to pay full price.
Functions well and is easy to use. Camera is ok, storage as well.
I have 4 now, Very good for the money, I like the fact that i can move it form TV to TV. or use on Vacation
The total cost of both the phone and plan really made it worth the price
Awesome fridge I love the indoor ice maker and the features [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
this product is wonderfull, very simple and quality five stars.
Able to play movies at a clear picture I enjoy the tablet
I bought maybe 20 TVs , very well pleased. Work great in my motel. Everyone has a great picture and enough volume for a bedroom. HD is very clear and crisp. Never even heard of Sceptre...very happy
Christmas gift for my son but i couldn't wait gave it to him early. He loves it. It was easy for him to figure out how to fly it.
awesome deal considering: 4 propellers $20, body frame $16, top cover $10, motor housings $35, gimble housing bands $25, every oddball screw(50 ) PRICELESS!
It isn't worth a dang everything I do on it in the middle of it it just shuts down goes back to home screen I'm very unhappy with it ready to send it back and the case with it
Nice case sturdy only problem doesn't sit up like old spek case does
I recently purchased this player for my Pop. He has both VHS tapes and DVD's he likes to watch and his player recently crapped out. My dad hooked it up today and cant get any volume from the VHS part of it. The DVD player has volume although not very loud. Any suggestions??
I would recommend! It is a great TV and the picture and sound quality are outstanding.
I need a phone so I can keep in touch with family and friends
It was a Xmas gift and enjoying every since. I know have it mounted on my fireplace and it looks amazing.
I did not expect for this price for these things to be this good!! First of all the bass is awesome. Second the rich sound and tone is AMAZING. Third the noise isolation is really good for 10 ear buds. When listening to music at the average volume or any volume, absolutely NO OUTSIDE NOISE COMES IN. Literally someone can be talking to you and no outside noise comes in. And the ear pieces are comfortable to wear for a while. They are absolutely amazing and I would highly highly recommend you to buy them.
I own the Revolve & Revolve+ speakers and thought how can portable sound get any better? I opened this new speaker and hit play... incredible, I have been blown away on how crisp and clean the sound is. From all angles it is so clear and hits the perfect tone of the music. The bass is fantastic (wouldn't expect any less from Bose). I'm even happier because I purchased two to use on Apple AirPlay 2. It truly sounds like a robust professional system. To top it off, the packaging is really nice and the quality of the outside of the speaker is really slick! Great job Bose. If you're considering a portable speaker, trust me, look no further this is it!!
It was a good thing this was not a gift and was opened right away. It looked good in appearance and turned on fine. That is the only good things about it. When you played a game or watched a video the pixels went wild. We thought our tv was an issue but we tested it on another and same thing happened. A lot of wasted time and money for a broken device.
This is my 2nd iPad and slightly smaller than the 1st one. I bought refurbished because in a few years Apple will have something new so refurb is a way to save money. I have never had one single problem with anything Apple, and I use iPhone, iPod, and iPad. I'm loving my new iPad!
I bought these headphones to use with my cell phone to do virtual medical visits. I was concerned that the sound/microphone wouldn't be okay, but it is working great! The only complaints would be they are a bit tight on my head. If I had to wear them for a long period of time, it would make my ears hurt.
They worked great. Our only problem was our 18m old grandson kept hitting it with his foot and knocking it down. Trying to keep it in place seemed a problem.
Nice sturdy case. Great price. Arrived quickly
This safe box is sturdy and roomy enough for our needs such as special documents. It is easy to open and lock. We wanted something fireproof and water proof... hopefully it will never be tested!
Ease of operation and the features. Also very stylish
I use it in my car Good sound qualitiy but a sometimes a bit to quiet
pretty good but i cant connect to MacBook. i need help connecting.
I plan on keeping this tree up all year. It brightens up the room and makes it festive. [...] Very impressive!!
My Roku system is great. I use it to watch JW Broadcast. It allows me to the monthly broadcasts on my television. It also helps my parents to use updated devices that aid them in watching the broadcast as well. Thanks Roku!
The Boom had a solid plastic case and the storage bins for the charger and the cable. The Mega does not have that.
Great value for the price. Very good image and controls. Phone and computer app are both very good. So far, exceeds my expectations. Suggestion: print the device's MAC address somewhere on the unit or in the packaging.
I love this small Bluetooth speaker with big sound! Not only does it turn colors but you can choose one color if you fancy as well as choose the light display pattern (currently I'm using the candle flicker setting). When I receive a call, not only does the caller come in nice and clear but so do I as long as I'm within 5 feet of the speaker (of course the closer you are to any Bluetooth speaker, the louder and clearer you are but this was impressive seeing as I tested the distances and 5 feet was the operational max in this regard). We have a big home so I went around many corners to see when the connection would break or start to crack and it never did. It says it's splash resistant and I believe it because we have it sitting in the corner of one of our kitchen countertops and it hasn't failed yet after being splashed directly on top of the sound outlet. But I wouldn't press my luck and bring it into the shower (even setting it on the floor away from the tub or stall due to the humidity that may gather in the bathroom). Also it doesn't take long to charge and when it begins to die, it gives out a verbal warning and, by the 3rd warning, it shuts down. I just wish it could work while charging but that's a pretty standard issue with these small Bluetooth speakers. Overall, I'm so impressed with this speaker that we're buying three more (one for the garage, our 10 y/o, and a backup before prices increase). Well done indeed!
I bought mine a couple of weeks ago. it took a little effort to set everything up and get the settings right. Once it was done, it's been a pleasure. Sports look incredible and everything else does too, for that matter. Love the remote as well. Controls everything and is small and intuitive. It's a bright television and crisp as can be. Great in a room that gets direct light. Couldn't be happier with my purchase!
Great device, I really missed my note 7 and this filled the void. However it doesn't come without its problems. 1. The fingerprint scanner is just in a terrible location. To the point that I have decided not to use it and instead set it up so that when I push in on the home button from the always on display, it automatically unlocks the phone. Sacrificing security for convenience. 2. The price is just ridiculous. I wouldn't have gotten this if it wasn't for the note 7 trade in program. But with the program, it is a great deal. 3. The battery is really small. Fortunately it has fast charging and fast wireless charging because you'll be using it. Ultimately, it is the best android smartphone on the market, but not by as wide a margin as you'd hope for considering the price. I'd recommend it to a friend if price is not a concern, however if price is a concern, there are better phones for your buck out there.
I bought these earbuds to use them loosely and they are nice cheap earbuds that do the job. Thank you JBL!!!
I needed a TV for my kitchen and this was perfect!
The color is very good, and there is not a problem with the product except that it is expensive to use.
Better (less expensive, bigger storage, great condition) than similar offers from Verizon.
this is a great item i love it for my child
Great quality [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
Won't hold a charge for more than a day. And doesn't work with my Apple phone. Has only been worn once.
I'm really enjoying the iTech Fusion smart watch. It has many of the features of my daughter's Apple Watch, at a fraction of the price. She's actually envious of the rose gold model I have. Magnetic wrist band holds very securely. So far all functions are working well. My one complaint... directions are basically nonexistent. Only info included was how to adjust and clean band. Would be nice to have info on how to use the various functions. I had no clue how to even charge the thing to get started ... thank goodness for Google or I would have never figured it out. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
I bought this drone and it will not connect to the wifi the app doesn't work. This was a waste of money.
These are so awesome! I cant wait until Christmas when I can just tell Alexa to turn on my Christmas lights and it lights up my place.
These pants fit perfectly!
These headsets block a lot of the surrounding noise and seal really well. They feel light on your head and don't feel uncomfortable at all. They are bigger than they look online and that helps them go over your ears instead of "on" your ears. I love them!
I don't even know where to begin. Updates every week that disrupt what little service I can get. Speakers stop playing in the middle of a song and as a massage therapist it's pretty unacceptable. Constantly have to reconnect to Wi-Fi. Cannot create a speaker pair but each will play fine separately. The list goes on. Get a Sonos.
The PS4 is in perfect conditions and came with all the cables and the controller.
original fitbit item and packaging. Looks wonderful!
Not sure why others are having problems with the watch, I bought my watch 2 months ago and the battery has last me 4 and half days. I have only loaded two new face watch and left the watch settings the same as when I bought it, the step count is a little off but that is minor to me, as for everything else it does what it was meant to do I have no complaints, nothing is perfect. Forgot to mention the Samsung pay seems to work ok, on occasion it doesn't work but overall it works. So my final thought about the watch is that I like it, it's not for everyone and everyone is different in likes and dislikes.
Working well so far. Really clean with no scratches at all
On the first 3 weeks are working fine, but now at the fourth week, this iphone 6s plus 64G, became unpredictable frozen or stuck very frequently when i tried to use any app, the only working button is the home key. I have to turn off screen for couple seconds then turn it on, then this phone may back to home normally. This is very annoying, and i can't return it because it has already exceed two weeks, completed wasted $274. I will never purchase used phone anymore.
I purchased these early February 2020 for a trip planned to Spain for my wife and I's spring break, as we are both teachers. They worked flawlessly with the best sound right out of the box. About a week into testing them out, I noticed the right ear cup had problems connecting when the device was turned on one morning (right ear cup had no sound/ noise canceling). I tapped the ear cup and it began to work as normal. Then it became more frequent as the days/ weeks went along and had to turn the device on and off a couple times just to get the right ear cup to work. However, the double tap to play/ pause worked and so did the hold right ear cup to allow ambient noice/ mute still worked, but no sound whatsoever. I have tried hard wire and different devices. It has been over a week and the right ear cup is still not producing sound and unfortunately will have to give these only 2 stars and send in for repair/ replace.
Worked fine for a couple days and now one side will no longer work. Cant find my box to return them. :(
Love the watch wear it every day especially like the part of my sleeping as I wasnt aware how much it changed.
The tv arrived broken I still have not received the replacement for it.
I had a bunch of the UE Boom 2's and they were good but this speaker is GREAT! So loud and not too bulky. The sound is so clear and I would definitely recommend this speaker to anyone who loves loud music and is at the beach and pool a lot.
The first time I bought this phone within 4 months it was having battery issues and wouldn't stay charged. I got a replacement and I have now had the second one 6 months and it is having the same types of battery issues. Sometimes it will go completely dead when just four hours before it had a half charged battery. Sometimes it freezes up so I have to remove the battery to restart it. I am now looking for a better phone.
I have been saving up for these for a long time and had my doubts buying them because of the price. But I have no regrets. The sound quality is extremely crisp and once you’re wearing them, with music it’s like your in your own world. It really helps me to focus on homework without being distracted by outside noise. They are a little big for someone with a smaller head but that really doesn’t bother me. From the outside, the headphones (I got black) look fresh and sleek.
Ease of use a big plus!
Nice for the price.
I am very happy with my VIZIO it has all I need and am saving money because now I can get rid of Spectrum cable ; I will keep their internet .
After having moved from iPhones to the S7Edge, I was waiting for the right phone. For my wife and kids, they chose the XS and XR phones, but I held out and Samsung delivered. My tech savvy kids envy just about everything my phone has, and my wife is even considering the move over. Customization, ease of use, and the features, including the best camera around, all make for the phone you should want and need.
I ordered this phone for my 11 year old son. It came it quick and looked like it was in great condition! I never turned phone on went straight to verizon store but phone could not read any sim card. I returned phone but have not recived any Communication from anyone... still no refund !! The phone showed it was recived a week ago!
For the Price it is a good Tablet if you need to perform quick tasks, online video streaming, navigate internet, even for printing.
It's nice but requires a sim to work all of the functions
I just got these and was concerned the bass wouldn't be as good as advertised and I was surprises how good the bass was...I use DFX Pro for my phone music player which has its own equalizer and a built in equalizer on my phone and the sound is fantastic...the app will only let me adjust the bass or the sound effect but no equalizer which may be because my phone has a built in equalizer but that is only a minor inconvenience...but the app does not show noise cancelling and all that...still I am satisfied with them so far.
This case was the worst i had a gel one that protected my ipad for a whole year !
Looks beautiful, works beautifully. The ability to temporarily disengage a door sensor is absolutely fantastic, I love that. The keypad is really cool, has a motion sensor built-in so the keypad disappears until it senses motion. The tie-in with Nest Cams was a clincher for me. The Nest app is brilliant. Integration with Nest x Yale door lock is perfect. Love this system!
Only problem, doesn't drown out the noise of sleeper next to me.
The mini blue tooth earbuds are GREAT! The quality is outstanding. I couldn't have purchased a better pair of earbuds. They fit perfectly in my ear. The power lasts a very long time. I tried a pair that you get at the Dollar store and they weren't half as good.
Great speaker with awesome sound and the waterproof feature is a huge benefit.Great value for the money- easy to operate!
Works good
I work in a area that uses air, and its very loud, these headphones works great and shots out noise and has a quality sound to them.
This the best Drone. I have one of those and is easy to used. Is goid for beginners and for experts too. You can change the settings depending your experience and skills. I love it.
Love it great picture quality and features. Buy one
The Phone was great! Great features, fast, beautiful screen, and fun to use. The video camera has some getting used to since I still fumble the record and think I'm recording then realize its not. Missed out on some great moments. The issue is the format of the record button is different than S9. I finally am going to Disney Land and this was the phone I was going to use, I depart this week and the phone died, it was at 74% and lights out. No power, no warning, will not turn on, tried all the recommendations, volume button, power button, laptop, usb, nothing gets it to turn on. The phone was very well taken care of in a case and do not see why this happened. I hope Samsung solves this issue so it does not happen to anyone else.
Once the pieces were laid out, it was easy to assemble. VERY STURDY! Very nice style. Very pleased.
I've tried every headphone on the market, from AirPods to Bose. There's no way to count them all. None of them have worked for comfort reasons. But finally, I found a pair I can wear. They are super light weight, inexpensive, hold a decent charge, and get good range. Who could ask for anything more? The foam covering is not super comfortable, but it's super easy to switch them out for a memory foam replacement. I couldn't be happier with Jlab and this product.
I was pleased with this because it provided just what I needed and performs excellently.
It was broken and was not happy didn't even get it out the box good
I bought this at walmart.ca for $218 free shipping.  I am currently using it for my bedroom and it works great.  I've had it for a over a month now and no issues so far.
ஐƸ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒஐ★*♥*Excellent product! 5★s! SUPER FAST s/h! Thank you*★*♥*ஐƸ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒஐ
bought this phone about 4 months ago and cannot get over how almost good it is. to performany task takes about 4 different steps, then you have to do the same 4 steps in reverse to get back to the start screen. the ringers and message notification are almost inaudible and the message ring is only a two note duration. going back to my 10 year old LG filp phone. dont waste your money on this phone!
This by far is the best lock I've ever gotten. I wasn't sure about a smart lock, but this one makes me feel safe and secure. A few of my favorite features are the programmable multiple codes, the ability to shut it off while I'm at home and it was easy to install. It's sleek design is flawless and functional. Kwikset is my go to brand for locks and this one exceeded my expectations. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
These are very nice to have! They charge fairly quickly and hold the charge for a good amount of time. These batteries only work with the Arlington system, so if you have that I definitely recommend getting this set!
Very impressive in the marble look, and fit very nicely. I especially like the magnetic sleep closure . Good purchase!
This is exactly the product I was looking for. I have one child but I wanted to be able to put one in each of two cars. The only thing I would have to say I don't like about it, is that every time I turn it off, DVD has to start all over. Wish it had playback like home DVD players. Other than that, BEST money spent.
This is my second Frame TV. Bought my first one last year and got the 55". This year upgraded to the 65" and I'm so happy with it. Still amazed by the beautiful artwork it displays 24/7 in my house, but am very happy with the new art store recommendations...very cool.
Really love all the choices of programming, especially the documentaries! Only problem we have is LOTS of loading time. Wondering if some kind of antenna or booster would help. We live in a wooded, rural area, so might have something to do with it. Otherwise, love it.
Great look but haven't used a lot! Used this once and operates quite smoothly [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
It's a wonderful headphone. It's also great that they included a larger adapter because it came in handy to plug into my stereo receiver.
I love the great color selection and long cord length.
I bought these as a birthday present for my wife. I've owned a pair for more than a year and just love them. Now we each have a pair to take to the gym, and I got her a different color so we know which is which. Highly recommend, as I would the JLAB speakers.
Just got for Christmas. So far okay. Went back to the store at Roosevelt field LI, NY and the store closed down!? Very disappointed with this. Only 2 fossil stores left in New York is in NY City. Not happy.
The sink and faucet are gorgeous! The quality is tremendous and works like the gem it is!
my wife is Vietnamese and she loves these for soup
easy to adjust, seams to detect when we are around and when we are not present. still need to learn about more features and how to utilize Alexa with lists.
So this this device is very small, and its volume output for music isn't very loud. Actually talking to someone is alot better on this device. I wouldn't recommend this for a gathering of many people because the people will over power this tiny speaker. To me this is more for personal use for oneself and one more.
I bought this for the Super Bowl and the upcoming golf and Nascar season. Awesome!!
Bought this one, along with the 24" TV/DVD combo version....the 24" version is so bad I have not even taken this one out of the box because I am guessing it will be just as bad. They both are going back to Walmart after Christmas rush is done. Sorry.
The phone was not a new phone. The box was not sealed.
Kids love it and great deal!!
We ordered 5 rugs total (Two bigger room area rugs and 3 smaller rugs for placing at entry doors). We are remodeling a Beach House and just put in new flooring and wanted all of the rugs to match and be a neutral color that won't necessarily show the dirt as people come in off the beach. Love how they look and they are easy to keep vacuumed. This was a great decision.
This is a very comfortable headset. I have not had any difficulty with the battery drsining too fast. It does a good job at cancelling noise and has good sound quality.
I was a little skeptical about purchasing a used cell phone but I must say so far so good. It was easy to set up I had to clean it off it was a little dirty could of been a little cheaper still a good buy!
Bought this tv for my bedroom to integrate with my automated smart products. Works wonderfully!
this is a awesome iPhone I would recommend to the world if I can. you can't tell that it was owned to someone else no cracks scratches or dents
This review is for the New Trent NT55B AirBender Star. I already have a great iPad Air case and keyboard that I love, in fact it also is a NewTrent. So why get another one? I rarely get to use the iPad Air…somehow my wife has taken it over to the point I feel like I am asking for visitation just to use it! But watching her use it I noticed she would move around in her chair while sitting in the recliner using the tablet – her favored place to use it. I found out she was moving around due to the glare from the window. The problem was in that by moving the screen just a bit, she was also moving the keyboard. We talked about it and I learned that this process made her type at just enough angle to eventually make her back ache. I started looking for a solution and found this case. Now we can adjust the screen without moving the keyboard. And I have found that this keyboard seems a bit more responsive than my original keyboard. And I especially like how it connects so quickly and doesn't drop the connection! And the actual part that holds the iPad stays in position whenever I put it. I do miss having the plastic screen cover built in, but also realize that is a very “individual” thing as most seem to not even like it. But I solved that by using a good quality screen guard directly on the iPad Air. As for form, function, and fit, I have to give this case 5 stars. Yes, I wish it had the built in screen guard, but since it is such an easy workaround, I don't see it as a detriment.
Great item for the price I told 4 people about my purchase and they also purchased one. Thanks for this tremendous deal!,
Recent purchase. Love the fit around ears. Especially the one fashion and one place color. Feels more secure. Easy to pair and great sound. Wish the case had a space to store extra ear loop. Also wish it had a place to put some tome of ring for easy transportation.
Just bought my second pair of these as I wanted to take one with me on the go and leave the others at home, for the price this is the best your going to get, tried the same priced Philip's and were not as nice as these.
Love everything it goes... only complaint eish you could change the band
We bought about 2 months ago and are very happy with it. The only problem we have with it is keeping the remote synced, but easy fix.
Have a Roku2 I've had for years. The Premier has lagged a bit, nice. Very good.
Simple instructions, easy setup, perfect size with excellent picture quality. Great choice for the kitchen. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
I purchased 3 of them altogether for Christmas gifts for family and they love them. Also included was an extra band in case of a size difference. This one was given to my grown daughter, the other two went to my grandchildren (16 and 10). They have been watching their diets and walking, exercising to see their results.
Very nice for the price.
I bought this a month ago and I can say it has great picture and features. Works great with my PlayStation 4 Pro that I got.
I bought a Vizio 12 years ago and wanted something bigger. I was always happy with my old tv so I looked for a other Vizio. Super happy with the quality! Happy the company is still doing a great job.
I bought this to replace one that only lasted 10 months. I am very happy with the way the product was shipped. Also the set up was extremely easy. The monitor has every feature I could possibly want, and the picture is very clear both day and night.
I bought this unit a week ago and haven't stopped having fun with it since. It really sets itself up and we were using it within minutes of plugging it in. The 4k features are stunning in beauty and ease of use. Audio playback is also excellent. Great unit!
This tv works really good for me. I'm a college student and money is not always abundant. It is so nice to be able to find a cheep tv with good quality. Really good size. When my friends come over they always comment on the image quality and ask me more about this brand. The smart tv feature is great. It has everything I use, Netflix and YouTube, so I'm not upset it is a bit limited. I didn't have any problems with it. In love!
Bought for travel needs, works great. Long battery life, which is great on airplanes! Nice swivel screen feature so the little hands can't hit the controls while playing.
I bought a Roku 4 and I love ❤ this out of all of them..
Excellent product very well satisfied
My wife and I watch Netflix far more than we watch cable TV! Of course, I wish ALL movie DVDs were available to stream down, but I can't complain. My only issue is that I do use the headphones with the remote. And I think the headphones must eat the batteries, because I seem to have to change batteries frequently.
We installed our nest E in our second home. Since we are gone from time to time in the winter, it's great to know our home is warm during the winter. Looks nice, easy to operate and self install.
dont like latch strap seam shorter than other band
Daughter loves this - she wears it walking to school every morning. It connects quickly and easily to her phone and gives her hands free listening without wires. It's stylish and fun.
I bought this for my boy to listen to their music. A week in, it stopped reading CDs. Waste of money
Great sound, easy to clean, microphone works good and a long enough cord.
It won't charge anymore, had it a couple months and no chargers will work on it anyone! Waste of money!
After a LOT of online research, I bought this TV the day after Thanksgiving for my birthday and Christmas present. The picture performance is astonishingly excellent. It provides a truly immersive viewing experience. I must report one surprising and bizarre hiccup. I had to return the first TV because the stand did not fit the TV! The assembly steps are not difficult, but the holes for the screws did not line up. I called LG technical support, who suggested I download an app that allowed the support person to see the problem from my smartphone. She agreed that the stand could not be attached to the TV. They couldn't get a technician to me for a few days, so I decided to just return it and buy another one. I am very glad I did. Assembly was very easy this time.
Bought a couple of months ago and loving it Thank you for caring
This speaker is a joy to own and use. The sound quality (and maximum volume) is amazing - take it from someone who adjusts a 10-band equalizer manually. The battery life, carrying strap, and AUX input make it a great hit in party situations.
as with other ezviz products i have installation was a breeze, connecting to my existing account to view on my mobile device was easy. Picture quality is very good, A little bit more of a lag in video but this is to be expected. The magnetic base is awesome! Makes getting the exact position for the camera simple. Even though the base can be wifi I connected to Ethernet cable. This was a little difficult as you plug unit right into a wall outlet, then you have to run Ethernet cable to it. This looked a little messy. And the base station has the antennas that open so you need to make sure you have the room wherever you put it so that you have ample room to open antenna all the way for best reception. Over all a great product, small and convenient. You could even take it with you on the go (vacation) and stay secure where ever you are. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
I brought TV may 27, 2018 . I pick this TV over Samsung TV. Its has been along time since I have had a Sony TV. I would say back in the 70's. LOL
This phone didn't even work for a week because after a second days of use i can't even hear any sound including music. So, i went to Apple store and they said "it is internal sound defect" and they continuously said " this iPhone can not be fixed because there are some more obsolete internal defect that they can not be fixed. Now i have this phone for no reason because Walmart can't return because it is not their product, this one is sale by third party. So, I have to go throw third party seller which is lot worst then getting it from craigslist. So, I do not recommended anyone to buy this iPhone.
I purchased this speaker to replace an ION Block Rocker that was stolen out of my car. I use this for zumba class and it sounds decent in a small gymnasium or dance room, but anything larger than that the sound fades. It sounds great in the house and the light show is fairly entertaining. The aux cord that came with it will more than likely need to be replaced soon. I've only used it a couple of weeks and it's already beginning to fray. Not worth the $75 price tag IMO. I will more than likely be getting a heavy duty speaker in the very near future.
easy to set up, nice sound. i like how long the battery lasts. not for long time wearing, too heavy.
This has really helped with seeing things that go on in the assisted living facility that my Mother lives in. My Mom's story of a specific event and the care staff's story were never the same and since we've had the Nest cam it seems that my Mom's stories were correct :). My Mom is 87 years old and this has given me peace of mind and my Mother as well.
I am really impressed with this Ematic Smart Lamp! It has so many neat features! I love how it works with Google Assistant and IFTTT, and also Amazon Alexa and has voice control. I love how you can really customize it to your wants and needs. You can schedule when you want the lamp to turn off and on daily or set it to repeat you schedule daily, on weekends, or weekdays. I love to set it up to come on with my alarm and go off at my normal bedtime. It's super easy to set up and you simply download the app and you can set up it up on a schedule or change it anytime. It's great because the app is compatible with iOS and Android. I also love this smart lamp because it's not just plain white light. It has several colors and you also have the option to dim the light as well which I love because in my bedroom I don't want a super bright light. It's really easy to change the color of the light with the color switch button on the front of the lamp. I've never had a smart lamp so I was a little nervous at first but I was really surprised how easy this is to set up and use and I really I've it! The only thing I would change is it would be great if it came with a wall charger. I would love to get more for my home.
had to return the 1st one picture went off now the 2nd one has a line thru screen....frustrating
happy to mention that the bass issue of Flip 4 is fixed and sound is better than ever before
I purchase this every month, doing on line is so easy to do.
I really enjoy these earbuds and they work great for me, listening to music and moving about a lot. The added bonus of having the case hold extra charge is very nice also. My original unit started malfunctioning a bit, one side got very light in sound, the company immediantly sent a new one at no cost. For that service they get a high rating.
The bass on these are phenomenal!!! For the price this is the best you'll get the only drawback is the voice is pretty low but you can still hear it so it doesn't matter and when you don't wanna hear anybody just put these on and you'll be in your own world!!!! Overall, JUST GET THEM!!!! you wont regret it.
These are terrible. They sound okay, but they can't stay connected. You can't even listen to them individually. Save your time and money and get the Sound Peats off Amazon for the same price and they work well.
The quality of the underware is excellent. I like the wide band so it doesn't roll down. It is a well-made product.
I've only used them once so I don't have a full review yet. I will update later. The headphones are very lightweight and very comfortable. Sound quality is good. I tested the noise cancelling function by turning on TV to 100 max volume and stood in front of it. While playing music at medium volume on headphones it nearly totally blocked out TV sound. When listening to a movie on headphones, I could hear the TV playing softly but could make out every word spoken. Being my first ever noise cancelling headphones I think this is pretty good especially at the black Friday price I paid. Plus I only tested for 30 minutes so I have no idea yet regarding battery life.
I bought this for my child for school. These lasted all school year+, which is rare. My kids were going through so many different brand of headphones until we bought this brand.
It is as described and is just what the kids wanted. They are happy with the way it works.
I needed a shower caddy and came across this one on line on Amazon. Walmart had it cheaper, so I bought it from Walmart. Got to m when promised and well packed. The instructions were somewhat difficult for me but that's only because I am not good with the reading of instructions. But I did manage to put it together in not too long a time and I am quite happy with it. Such a simple thing and so much class! Unbelievable.
Works perfect for what I need. I wanted to have direct wire connection.
I Love this product is wonderful and work very good
I got 2 Wheelbarrow tires shipped to my local store.They came in on the 3rd day after I ordered.I bought them for a lawn dump cart which is a little trailer that you pull behind a riding mower.I have been in the tire business for several years.Most of the tires you buy like this are flattened out,so that you have a little trouble getting them to take a bead and inflate.In that case,a little contact cement applied to one bead will help while you pull out the other side of the tire.These tires were already the right shape,I merely flipped the cart upside down and removed the old and installed the new without even having to remove the wheels from the cart. These tires are only suitable for a wheelbarrow or lawn cart,they are not suitable for a boat trailer or other use on asphalt.I suggest keeping them out of direct sunlight and they will last longer,the sun seems to cause them to dry rot. I recommend these tires.
My kids love it.
This was a replacement, for one we had for 10 years. In 10 years we just wore it out, why mess with something that works. It is well built and installation is very quick and easy.
Great price, very good quality picture, sound isn't too bad and very user friendly
Its nice and all but its not compatible with the YouTube app so i have to use a different version. Not tha same unfortunately
I just bought this yesterday. Ehen I tried to connect it today I realized it didn't have the power cord with it. I'll be going today in hopes that they'll except it as a return right now because all of this Corona virus stuff happening. I was very disappointed!
It's refurbished but in EXCELLENT condition for real
Sleek design and easy to use.
The remote will not connect to the stick and ive only had it for a month
I bought this about 2 weeks ago and i was more than impressed with the picture quality and how smooth and easy it was to control it
I love my urbeats 3. Just got them today. I was sceptical of the price but it seems good.
These ear pods are not the same quality as apple ear pods. They only stay charged for maybe 3 hrs. The sound quality is ok better than cheap earbuds over the counter. If you don't want to spend a lot they might be worth it but if your looking for lasting quality. These ear buds are not for you. I want my money back.
Only one works. I would rate 4 stars if they both worked.
This looks like a great deal, and my Verizon phone is available for upgrade, but it no longer works so I cannot get the verification code. When i call verizon they say that is walmart's problem and there is nothing they can do, and when i call walmart, they say it is verizon's problem and there is nothing they can do... I just wish there was a way to send the code through email or another number. Someone please contact me if there is anything i can possibly do to continue the process.
We bought this in store and ended up returning it a few hrs later. We had bought this product because the box says â€œsplit screen viewingâ€ all over the box...which is what we needed the monitor for. We got it home and tried figuring out how to split screen the cameras. We then called the manufacturer to see what we were doing wrong. They informed us that the monitor does NOT have the ability to split screen the cameras and they knew about the misprint. Needless to say that the product was a very big disappointment and the manufacturer phone call was even more disappointing.
I got this tablet for my daughter for Christmas however it is only December 29th and it will not cut back on... complete waste of money!
At first the car DVD player worked fine. After about a month things started failing. The second screen would loose sound or picture or both. After three or so months some dvd's needed to be played with the player laying flat. The players were not taken out of the car everyday , but they were kept out of the sun and clean. Eventually after playing with the plugs so often to get the picture and sound to work one of the plugs broke off in the player and we haven't used it since.
That is second hand phone. The phone is very old, scratched a lot. I have to return them right away.
Easy to carry around and simple to set up.
Love this in general. I ordered the purple It arrived in pink. I have ordered them 2x before over the years. They hold up decently. I have dropped it more than once. It protected my ipad , But sad that I did NOT get what I ordered It isnt a pretty pink either
We cut cable a month ago and switched to Hulu, Netflix and Sling TV. Sling TV seems to run best on the Roku and we can use our theater sound system with the Roku (where we couldn't with the PC to watch). I can also watch Hulu and Netflix through the Roku. My only draw back is so many of the channels are actually the same content with different names. Many more are only available if you have cable TV, which defeats the purpose of going with a Roku.
We bought our TV about 5 months ago. Love it. Works very well. However...the remote control is garbage. We use online viewing, so the only keys we normally use are the arrows, back and enter. The arrow keys are tiny and awkward. We are perpetually accidentally hitting the other, larger keys around it which switches to another source (i.e., Prime, You-Tube, etc.). VERY frustrating. It seems like very little thought was put into the remote design. 2/3 of it we don't even use -- and those are all larger buttons. Oh well. Worse things in the world today. :-)
The resolution is great, no complaint there. The problem is that I have a WIFI hotspot at home and according to Night Owl technical support, I need a router to connect it to the internet via a cable. So I lost that privilege. Second, I could not save the recordings to my external hard drive because it was incompatible according to Night Owl techies. I have a different format than is required so there goes that benefit as well. So I'm stuck with a system that doesn't alert me of any motion because it doesn't have sound for some reason even though there is the option to turn on sound at the recording option and I can't save what it's captured so in an incident I have to turn over the system to the police! Not good.
2 of the cameras don't work. and poor picture at night. Not happy. 3 out of 6 cameras work, and only had it for 4 months
Use: I use this speaker mainly at the beach on the weekends. Being at the beach, I've handled it with wet hands, so I definitely needed a waterproof speaker. I've used it on 3 Beach trips and I have to finally charge it. So it's been maybe 8-9 hours? Design: It feels really durable! A little on the heavier side, but that helps make it feel more sturdy. The rubber is very smooth, grips nicely, and feels nice to hold. The headphone jack was taken out going from the flip 4 to flip 5. It doesn't affect me as much because I typically work with the Bluetooth connection but it was an interesting design note. I did wish the USB-c charging port came with a protective flip cover though. That would be a nice small detail to have especially for people using it at the beach or outdoors. Sound: The volume goes up pretty loudly and the bass is really nice and clear. The sound is balanced and travels well against the waves/wind at the beach. Excited to use it in my house and at the pool! Connections: super easy to connect to my Google pixel 2 phone. The Bluetooth was not upgraded to 5.0. I haven't had the need to connect multiple speakers in tandem so I haven't encountered issues with the connect/connect+/party boost connectivity issues, but may be something to consider in the future when upgrading speakers. May just buy multiple of the same ones. Overall, even if it's a mono instead of dual, it's a great little speaker that packs has really rich sounds with a nice bass!! LOVE IT [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
works 100% Fine!
I wouldn't purchase this again. 70 mile antenna with 5 stations within that area and picked up 1 channel that's about 12 miles away. Even the channel it picked up was extremely choppy. Would not purchase this item again. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
best phone ever fingerprint scanner face unlock the best battery life I've seen great signal big keyboard excellent camera before this I had a Galaxy S7 edge and before that iPhone 6s this phone is so much better the only con I can think of is finding a case for it.
The design is appealing. Very comfortable to listening! Nice earphones!
Great idea, still need to work out the bugs. Sound was great but tablet was slow. Would not keep connected to Bluetooth. Awkward navigation between tablet functions and Amazon Echo screen.
Make keys like apple tv and remote swipable ...... [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
These have 3 different size ear bud covers to get a good fit to your ear. The sound is good, and they work great. If I need another pair these will be the ones I buy again!
It's inexpensive but you get what you pay for. Lasted 1.5 months before totally dying. I took good care of it. Talked to Walmart manager and they said to contact RCA.
We received a tea pot for Christmas, after a few uses the rubber ring around the spout melted. We looked for one the was all metal and this one fit the pill. It has not failed us.
Tablet showed up quicker than expected. Had my computer guy to transfer data from old tablet to new one. The tablet was locked up so even he couldn't get in to it. No paper work sent with it, so no receipt. Lucky I kept shipping box. It had the number needed on it to get my money back. Took it to my local Walmart and the lady there was very helpful. Not sure if I order another one.
Works Great!!!
We purchased a Roku Premiere + and so far all is just okay. The things that we find annoying are: frst we cannot cast from our Android phone to the Roku in order to see our pictures and our videos without having some sort of app and Roku doesn't offer much help in that area. The Roku doesn't see our phone and our phone doesn't see the Roku. Also, it would be great if the Roku would send a message to the screen telling us to wait while it does whatever we've asked it to do. That would at least let us know it received our request. Finally, it would be nice to know if our internet connection or Sling TV, or Roku is the cause of dropouts while streaming live TV.
The speaker is very durable and has an awesome sound with a wide range. Love it.
Have been using this cord for a little over a month and so far so good. Hard to tell because most of the cords give out after a few months
Best TV I've ever purchased Tv has great black levels Went to get an Oled saw the Qled and glad i saw It [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
Recently bought the nest 3rd generation self learning thermostat from a Costco. Installation took me about an hour as there were some cables in the old thermostat and I am not sure how to connect them to nest. Once I did an online chat with nest CSR, it took me just 15 minutes to install the stuff. It is still learning so will know more in another week or two
this phone is worthless. it doesn't work right. it takes all day to charge it up. I plugged this phone in at 10 a.m. and it's now 5:27 p.m. and it's only 85% charged. plus it wants to keep switching to Google stuff.
I purchased the Roamio Plus after my TiVo HD XL died (after several years of reliable use). I went from 2 tuners to 6 and it's a great relief no longer having recording conflicts. I didn't realize how much shuffling I was really doing with the old TiVo, but I was constantly looking for alternative view times to capture shows that were conflicting with other shows I had planned to record. No more! This TiVo requires a multistream cablecard. Check with your cable provider. I have Comcast in SE Michigan and had no issues, but you need to contact the right department at Comcast. The cablecard department can be reached here: 1-877-405-2298. When you call them, they can order the cablecard for you and then you'll call them again to activate it. They are very familiar with the on-screen TiVo menus and will walk you through it. My TiVo is connected to an Onkyo home theater and sounds terrific. I also like that they've included all the online services that other smart TV's/blue ray players also include. As long as you have high speed internet, you can stream shows or movies from all the major streaming services. Additionally, you can use XFinity On Demand (for Comcast customers) through wifi. Not much else to say. I guess the only downside is that it's pricey and the service subscription is extra.
This is a great phone. I love my new phone. It has some great features also. The camera is just amazing. I would recommend anyone to get this phone it's just a bit expensive.
My HDMI cable does not work completely, so while I'm gaming the screen will glitch and go black... what the heck Walmart!!!!!
Arrived in UK incredibly fast, love the retro look and the sound quality is great. Yea their is a fair bit of audio spill at high volumes, but thatâ€™s to be expected of this style of headphone. Takes me back to my first Walkman in the good olâ€™ 80s. Also at this price? Bargain! Nice one!
I was hesitant. My first vizio 50!plasma ended with the pop of death before 2 yrs. im worried about longevity. But the price was right for the size
This Bluetooth speaker is simply amazing from the lights to the 360 degree sound I have never used a Bluetooth speaker of higher quality or beauty. The passive bass radiator provides a deep rich sound, and the many lights options keep the party going. The battery life has been amazing even with the lights and heavy use and the usb type c makes charging easier than ever. The build quality feels top notch I wouldn't be afraid to drop this speaker and the water resistance adds even extra security. I cannot recommend this speaker enough nothing else to even compares. [This review was collected as part of a promotion.]
This tablet did not work for me didnt let me down load anything . I returnd it . I want to buy the galaxy tab 3 or 4 can you give me some discounts to buy the galaxy tablet .
Looks brand new and works great based on first week of testing. Was locked to AT&T, and was promptly unlocked by putting a request at AT&T website.
It is great. Works amazing and was a breeze to instal.
Very happy with my purchase would recommend to friends Wish I did not have to enter my e-mail address
Love this TV, works great in our Living Room. Would purchase again. Great sound and picture.
Great for security. I had to upgrade my transformer to 24 volts to get it to work. Paid for the year of video. Excellent video. I have the thermostat and doorbell. Nice to see it is on the same app.
